[music]
Earnings growth is driving S&P
performance and you want to be where the
earnings growth is. It's hard for us
[music] to kind of see a downside
catalyst.
>> The downside risks here is AI is I
maintain it's a bubble.
>> The market's starting to get a little
bit worried. The market seems pretty
happy to whistle by that cemetery as
they say and until then markets are
going to rally. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with [music] Jonathan
Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and An Marie
Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Happy Friday. Happy
Halloween. Big tech is beating away the
bubble fears, at least for now, with
Amazon shares surging as its cloud
revenues [music] grow at the fastest
rate since 2022. Corporate results
mostly hurtling past a high bar [music]
and sending stocks to new record highs.
Yet concern is rising over a [music]
government shutdown that keeps dragging
on, threatening to become the longest in
history and keeping us in the dark about
any kind of real-time economic data. For
now, that concern though is just playing
out on can you get home for the weekend
if you're a senator representative. For
the markets, it's so much event risk
that we've digested. [music]
But here we are on track for a third
consecutive week of gains. It is the
tech story [music] that is winning out.
As Namura put it, maybe we're getting
away from a macro driven market and
instead it's a meltup and [music] joy,
the AI bubble is not here, at least not
yet.
>> Well, yeah, joy, the AI bubble, if it is
here, is still inflating and everybody
can [music] welcome it and pile in
afterwards. Part of the reason why is
because people were worried about
spending plans. And what you see is
capex coming in above expectations.
[music] The expectation for next year
even further above, but for the most
part, with the exception of Meta, the
revenues are growing at a similar pace.
So this seems to edify the idea that
demand is still outstripping supply
giving backing to some of these
companies to continue with their
spending.
>> And that's exactly what Microsoft said,
right? [music] That still there is an
imbalance between the two. The meta
example though was so interesting
because the market isn't saying you can
[music] spend money at any cost. They
are saying it needs to be backed up with
revenue. But the nuance in there, the
bond market was okay with it. It
completely took on the new supply coming
from Meta. It was the stock market that
wasn't [music] okay with it. Yeah,
yesterday we did see that $30 billion
bond sale coming out from Meta and we
did see the the [music] bond market
respond with spreads widening two basis
points in the investment grade market. I
am curious though how different it would
be if we were getting some of the
real-time indicators [music] today. We
should be getting personal income,
personal spending and core PCE, a key
metric the Fed should be looking at to
understand whether or not it should cut
rates [music] again, which of course we
don't really understand the reaction
function because it's not clear there is
one right now. But I am curious how much
a lot of the tech spending is [music]
filling a vacuum that otherwise could be
offset by some of this other data that
would be coming out of Washington.
>> So much has been made that the tech
spending is contributing to economic
growth. But maybe people are looking to
chair Powell who in [music] his press
conference seemed confident that even if
they don't have data coming before
December that they can use alternative
data and the Beige [music] book. To him
that was enough to prove or disprove
that they need to cut or not cut. He
seemed like the father in a car in a fog
on the street and the kid in the back
seat saying, "Could you just press the
gas a little bit cuz you know where
you're going." And he's like, "No, it's
foggy. Cut it [music] out." Right now,
we're looking at markets that uh seem to
be really building on gains. As Danny
said, a third weekly gain that we're
poised to see led by the tech sector.
[music] S&P futures up 6/10en of a
percent. You are seeing just a little
bit more dollar weakness and that
10-year yield. Really watch this space,
especially after Fed chair J. Powell
pushed off the potential for a
guaranteed December rate cut at that
4.10 [music]
level. Coming up this hour, Peter Shear
of Academy Securities as the equity
rally looks to get back on track. Dan
Ies of Wed Bush Securities on the big
week for big tech and Dan Straven of
Goldman Sachs breaking down earnings
from the oil giants. We get Chevron and
Exxon later this hour. We begin this
hour with stocks rising after a slate of
upbeat earnings from big tech. Peter
Shear of Academy Securities writing
this. The lack of breath has been a
concern again recently, but big tech has
provided earnings that warranted that.
Peter joins us now. And Peter, are you
gonna provide us with one of these puns,
bad breath, etc.? I mean, how many of
those do we have every day?
>> No, no. I'm sticking to one major theme,
which is production for security or
prosac. And that's kind of our main
investment philosophy right now is look
for things that the government's going
to get involved with and really
rethinking this kind of production for
security. I think it's the new ESG. This
is going to be a multi-year trend where
countries, corporations, governments,
um, you know, asset managers all think
about what we need to be truly
sustainable.
>> So, this is the reason why and some
people people have, uh, investors have
welcomed a lot of the capex spend that
we've seen from the big tech players,
from some of the other other energy
intensive uh, industrial companies. At
what point is there enough money already
slashing around the system to finance
this without being diverted away from
other efforts?
>> You know, right now I think there's a
ton of money. I think you've got private
credit looking to put money into this.
Banks are all very flush. The banks are
doing very well. So I think the banks
are looking to lend to this. And I
really think the growth story is going
to be how do we keep our energy
production or electron production or
electricity production, however you want
to phrase it to keep up with this
demand. So I think there's just going to
be immense amount of growth as we look
at rarest and critical minerals. Not
just the rarest and critical minerals,
but the process and refined. These are
going to be important parts of it. Then
I think it's ultimately can we build
enough electricity production to keep up
with what we're going to do. And that's
going to be the growth story. It's going
to be a big commodity push, right? We're
going to have to build all these things
out in conjunction if we want to win the
AI race.
>> But when you have both a huge amount of
capital supply and demand for that
capital, typically that's kind of the
environment where things get papered
over because there's so much money being
put to work and the need for it. Are you
concerned that there are places in the
margin where we go too far?
>> I think it's at the margin though right
now, right? There's probably going to be
I think, you know, I would be cautious
if I'm investing in someone who doesn't
get good deal flow. I think the people
who have good deal flow have plenty of
opportunities. I think you know you're
just seeing this investment. It's real.
But again, that's why I'm kind of really
much more focused on okay, what are
going to be the underlying building
blocks of this there. I have less
concerns about there whether there's a
bubble or not in valuations, right? That
that you know Dan Ice can speak to
later. I think he's still probably
fairly bullish. You can understand why.
But for me, I'm looking okay, what is
the core that we need to really make
this to really compete. We're way behind
China in terms of electricity
production. Clearly the rarest and
critical minerals, the refined versions
of those was a huge sticking point
during all these trade negotiations. I
think we're just going to explode on
that front and that's where my efforts
are. You look at the things we're doing
in nuclear. I think nuclear is going to
be a big part of this. And I do think
eventually the president's going to give
up on solar and you're going to see
solar become part of the equation and
really get growth there. And everything
we're doing, I think the rest of the
world should be copying.
>> Can we catch up? I mean, it's an immense
push and a lot of money being put behind
it, but we're starting to your point
from such a place of being behind.
>> I don't know whether we can catch up. I
know if we don't start or do anything
about it, we won't catch up. So, at
least now you're seeing the building
blocks put in place. You know, um the
Department of Energy has 70 nuclear
projects listed. Only one supposedly has
all the regulatory approval. You did see
the US government take steps to allow
nuclear small nuclear reactors on
military bases, right? The government
has a lot more control over federal
land. I think we're just starting to see
this whole process. And when I think
about kind of this replacement of ESG
and this production for security, I'm
thinking everyone's going back and
saying if I want to be truly
sustainable, what do I need to make
myself? I need to make some things
myself to be truly sustainable. Then I
can work with my close allies and
neighbors and friends to get some other
it and then sure I can buy some
percentage of that on the open market
from whoever. But I think we're looking
at it this way. I think the government's
looking at this way. I think
corporations are going to look at their
supply chain. So I think we kind of got
away from what's it is to be truly
sustainable. To be sustainable, you
actually have to be in control of
certain things. And I think that's also
going to apply. We're looking much more
at South America. The opportunity is
there. So I think the Monroe doctrine
always been talked about. Not much has
been done. I think we're seeing that. So
that's where I'm kind of looking at the
investment landscape away from the AI,
the data centers. Who's going to
benefit? It's going to be South America
and it's going to be this production for
security. So I just want to point out
that proc is something that you've
trademarked and you hope that we all use
at some point in terms of you got to try
something a trading a trading theme and
that is a longer term theme that you
have been talking about before all the
rest of us were. So kudos to you. If you
just take a look at this week and this
really goes to what spending is the
right kind of spending that should be
rewarded and what is the spending that
shouldn't. This week we saw massive
capex from the likes of Microsoft and
Amazon and Meta and Google. And there's
this question about whether this is
sustainable and whether it is going to
the right types of areas that either go
with your prosack theme or that just in
general go with the AI and exactly what
uh form it will manifest in. From your
perspective, is this the right kind of
spending?
>> Again, it's very hard, right? One
company yesterday, Meta clearly went
down 10% on the stock on spending and
today now you have Amazon going up 10%.
So clearly everyone's trying to figure
out where we are in that cycle. And that
to me is where it gets a little bit
dangerous, right? Maybe we go up another
30 40% from here. Maybe we drop 10 20%.
Just as people try and figure that out.
That's why I'm kind of trying to deviate
away from that and away from the big
high flyers, away from the momentum into
these other areas where there's less
pressure. Again, look at energy. I think
energy is going to be a huge part of
this. Most hedge funds, my understanding
is are underweight energy. You don't see
a lot of bullishness there. That to me
is like, okay, I would rather be there.
Maybe I don't have the same upside as
some of the big AI providers. On the
other hand, I don't think I have the
downside and I think we benefit from
whichever one of those scenarios wins.
We benefit if we're in that space.
>> It also has the benefit of removing from
the backdrop of the murky mess that is
the US economy of trying to understand
the Kshape and exactly what's happening
with some of this investment and what it
means or what it doesn't mean for
employment. So I just wonder from your
perspective what you expect in terms of
how much your call is dependent on an
economy that does keep chugging along on
a Fed that does keep cutting rates on a
backdrop that is as benign as so many
people seem to think it is.
>> So you know we've been talking a little
bit about the little eyesshaped economy
where there's a little dot that's doing
phenomenal well the stick. I don't know
how bad it's doing. I know there's a lot
of talk about the K-shaped economy. I do
think there's some weakness. I'm not
comfortable with the job situation. I
think the job market's still been
overstated. Having said that, I really
do like this push towards this
production um domestically working with
some of our allies. You know, we're
starting to take tariffs off of things
like avocados, um bananas, things that
we just don't have here anyway. So, I
think you're seeing some rationality
[laughter] flow into all of this that
lets us grow. And I think the one thing
that's underestimated the big beautiful
bill is the accelerated depreciation,
right? If you get lower rates and you
start seeing this move, and again, I
think the best thing about capitalism is
money flows to where there's
opportunity. And I think some of the
things I've been describing, whether
it's in the chip sector, whether it's
the data center AI sector, whether it's
space, money is going to start going
there. You're seeing things rewarded
like miners have been like left in, you
know, the dust or the dirt for ages. All
of a sudden, they're becoming exciting.
Yeah. Sorry about the pun, but it's
[laughter]
but I do think that's where capital is
going and you're going to see ETFs built
on this sort of concept. Money will flow
there and that will allow the growth to
occur and that's where you're going to
see the real development.
>> The growth though again is occurring in
such a specific place that you're
talking about. This gets back to Lisa's
original question. Are we witnessing
something that looks incredibly
regressive?
>> No, I'm going to push back a little bit
on that. I think the growth is occurring
on things where we realize we seeded
these things to China who is not our
friend, not our ally, is a long way away
from us and we have to go back. What do
we need to make either domestically or
nearshored to make sure that we're safe
that we can stayain ourselves for
periods of times if we have a friction
with China?
>> Does that help the eye part of the stick
part of the eye?
>> I think it does. I think it does really
help the stick part cuz then we're going
to be building these things out and
let's say a nuclear plant, right? Okay,
it's going to take 7 to 10 years
probably to be online for a big one.
Maybe a small one can get on in 5 years.
There is going to be a ton of
construction around that, right? So the
amount of construction jobs, right? And
if we're going to do the construction,
we're going to need steel. We're going
to need aluminum. We're going to need
concrete. So I think the job creation in
and around that buildout is the part. So
it's going to be years before we have a
full electricity grid that we need, but
just trying to get there. And again,
don't forget the US government already
took a stake. I don't know exactly what
it looks like in US Steel. You know, the
government is going to be involved in
kind of what we're looking at as kind of
national champions. I think they're
figuring out who they can work with to
progress this. You're seeing the
regulatory environment change. So,
that's where the jobs and that's where I
think the stick does better. And so, I
think the stick has kind of been left
behind. Maybe still going to be left
behind the data center, but if that
stick
>> the dot
>> the dot is doing phenomenal, but I think
the stick is moving in the right
direction.
>> Peter Shear of Academy Securities who
trademarked ProSac, thank you. Always
wonderful to start the day with you.
Right now, let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning. Here's
your Bloomberg brief with Yahihara Anna.
Deihara.
>> Hi, Lisa. Amazon shares are rising
nearly 13% in the pre-market after
earnings. The tech giant reported $33
billion in revenue from its AWS unit, a
20% jump from the year prior and its
biggest year-over-year increase [music]
since 2022. CEO Andy Jasse praising the
impact AI's had on Amazon's business,
saying, "We have momentum."
Meanwhile, Apple shares also getting a
lift up 1.8% in the pre-market. The
company shared [music] it anticipates a
blockbuster holiday season led by demand
for its newest iPhones. Apple also
reported a surprise decline in China
sales due to supply [music] constraints,
but says it expects to return to growth
in the market. CEO Tim Cook saying store
traffic is up significantly in China.
[music]
And Vice President JD Vance is warning a
prolonged US government shutdown will
impact travel during the holiday season,
telling reporters it could be a disaster
if [music] the shutdown extends into the
Thanksgiving travel season. The comments
come after Vance held a round table with
the CEOs of [music] United and American
Airlines. That's brief. Lisa, thank you
so much, Yahara. Up next, de-risking
from China.
>> We do not want to decouple from China.
We need to derisk. My guess is a year
year from now we'll be back at the table
and you know we we'll get another
another delay another role.
>> So what is decoupling and what is
de-risking? [music] Ed Mills of Raymond
James will explain all. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> setting up for a third straight week of
gains as you do see some sort of
legitimacy plug into some of the
concerns about the AI bubble. When you
take a look at why, you can see what
kind of capex plans [music] these
companies have. We didn't put Apple in
here because they don't have the same
type of AI related capex. [music] But
Danny, when you take a look at the
numbers on the screen, when you take a
look at a 75% [music] increase
year-over-year in Q3 uh capex for
Microsoft at 35 billion, 34 billion for
Amazon, 19.4 [music]
billion for Meta, and 24 billion for
Google. Just the scope of money going
into this is absolutely [music]
uh shocking. They they've basically
doubled capex in 1 and a half years.
[music] And it underscores just how much
these tech giants have changed. This was
a sector that was usually loved for its
free cash flow and limited exposure to
things that depreciate that's [music]
completely been flipped on its head and
they're tapping the debt markets too. So
they're becoming increasingly indebted.
It's it's a completely different model
for evaluating these companies [music]
particularly for Meta. And when you take
a look at the expense plans for next
year, it continues to increase at a
[music] similar pace. Meanwhile, ongoing
spending is expected more broadly as the
United States tries to move away from
its dependency [music] on China, on the
rest of the world for some critical
minerals. Under surveillance this
morning, de-risking from China.
>> We do not want to decouple from China.
We need to derisk. My guess is a year
year from now we'll [music] be back at
the table and you know we'll we'll get
another another delay another role
because what everyone misses is you the
Chinese have rare earth but uh you know
we have President Trump's threat on
tariffs. He gave the team maximum
negotiating leverage.
>> Here's the latest. US and China tensions
are deescalating after striking a
year-long truce on tariffs and rare
earth export curves. The two countries
continuing a push to reduce dependence
on each other. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall
joins us now from Seoul. Tyler, a really
tricky dance here. Yes, a sort of truce
of some sort in the near term, but
really accelerating the push on the back
end for each country to move away from
one another.
>> Yeah. Hey, Lisa, good morning. You're
exactly right. While the trade truce is
intact for now, it really doesn't
address those more fundamental issues
that contributed to the standoff between
the US and China in the first place,
including national security, the
persistent trade imbalances, but of
course also what you're alluding to
here, which is this jockeying for
dominance when it comes to the tech
sector. Now, we did hear from Chinese
President Xi Jinping today for the first
time since his meeting with President
Trump, and he struck this positive tone
when he addressed the APEC leader summit
here in South Korea. He called on
countries not to threaten global supply
chains, saying that instead they should
be working together. But of course, it
is worth noting that China's now delayed
export curves on critical and rare earth
minerals had the potential to disrupt
supply chains, not just in the US, but
globally as well. Plus, these curbs,
Lisa, are technically still in place.
They're are still rather in the
pipeline. They still could be coming
down the road a year later. Plus, there
are old curbs that are still in place,
have been at this point for years. and
many businesses uh note that the Chinese
export license l licensing system is
really opaque. So that's led our
analysts at Bloomberg Economics to say
that even after these talks, China
really does maintain its grip on the
global critical minerals supply chain.
But of course that led the White House
during this trip to try to strike those
cooperation packs with countries like
Japan, like South Korea in these
essential sectors like rare earths and
like ship building. But Lisa, I did want
to point out that while President Trump
is in Washington here in South Korea
today, the Chinese leader did h hold
some pretty high profile meetings,
including with Japan's prime minister,
but also with the uh Canadian Prime
Minister Mark Carney too, saying that
they're going to start retalking about
trade all in a bid as both countries try
to bolster their leverage even as we
have just gotten this most recent trade
truce.
>> Lum Tyler Kendall, great work. Thank you
so much. Also some discussion uh with
respect to Nvidia speaking in South
Korea about potentially restarting
blackwell sales into China. At least
that is Jensen Huang's uh goal going
forward. Joining us now is Ed Mills of
Raymond James. Ed, I just wonder your
takeaway about how the geopolitical
chips are falling after this Xihinping
Donald Trump meeting.
>> I think they're basically where we would
expect them to be, which is getting a
deescalation, uh getting delay. Um, but
the real question now is kind of how
long does this last? And I don't think
there's anyone who thinks that we're
going to go through the next year or
through the term of uh, President Trump
uh, without kind of some more hiccups.
Uh, this is a roller coaster ride. I am
sure there's going to be more export
controls that are going to be kind of
suggested by either side. Uh, but really
the big question that we've been getting
uh, here at Raymond James is how much
semiconductors can go into China? How
much uh, relaxation of some of those
tech controls? We've talked about that
de-risking. In the last eight years,
that's been about blocking what China
can buy. D-risking now in DC is making
sure that China gets hooked on our AI
technology so that we don't have the
risk that China develops something else
and is a competitor globally. That's a
fundamental change. Uh that is going to
potentially drive a lot of this AI trade
even a bit higher uh as we get those
kind of d-risking sales into China that
were not expected. To Lisa's point, Ed,
the president had said that Blackwell
would be discussed. Jensen Huang said he
hoped he'd be able to sell Blackwell
back into China, but it appears that
wasn't on the table during these
negotiations. What do you make of the
fact that that specifically was left
out?
>> So, Danny, the president said that uh
Nvidia and China are going to have
conversations uh and that he was going
to let Nvidia be the referee. Uh he did
say that Blackwell's late, you know, in
Nvidia's latest ship, the Reuben, uh is
probably off the table and and I think
that's appropriate. Uh what we do know
is that the Trump administration had
previously banned the H20. They banned
one of the AMD chips. They've reversed
those bans. Uh China hasn't purchased
that because they want to see what else
they can get. I do think that there is a
version of Blackwell that probably can
be sold uh into China. I do think that
that is going to be part of future
negotiations. Uh so on a scale of 1 to
10, if I had been hoping for a 10, what
came out of this is probably a six or a
seven. Um and if we can get those
negotiations ongoing, it can go up from
here. Um but the opportunity to possibly
relax tech standards versus where we are
been where we've been is a fundamental
shift in and of itself, which gives
optimism for a lot of investors that I
talked to.
>> So notably not a 12 as the president
said that the outcome of the meeting was
Ed. What else wasn't discussed? Also,
Tik Tok, Taiwan, trans shipments. What
do you make of just what was left out of
the discussions?
>> You know, it is a uh two-hour meeting,
but that's not very long when you kind
of have all these different
negotiations. I think as it relates to
Tik Tok that has been moving along that
has had a lot of other negotiations. Uh,
one thing that I've always heard about
uh vice uh President Xi is that he likes
to go into these meetings with things 98
99% settled. So I think what was
discussed in the meeting was what what
Besson and his counterpart were able to
do the week before. Um there is a desire
to have another meeting uh first half of
next year where Trump goes to China.
Maybe she comes to the United States at
an appropriate time. Uh so there is
opportunities to follow up from this. Um
on rare earth yes they are going to have
this pause but because of there's
licensing there's plenty of
opportunities for China to tighten in
certain ways that will get US response.
Uh so the fact that we have more to
discuss at later dates and other dates
already set to kind of uh have the
leaders come together seems fairly
appropriate at this point.
>> Just really quickly here, do you think
that we're going to get a completion to
this government shutdown by Thanksgiving
so we cannot worry about flight delays?
>> I think Thanksgiving, yes, but I think
that that's where I kind of have been
putting the overunder. Once we get to
November 21st, which is the date of the
CR that passed the House, the
conversation changes because it's not
that the Senate could just vote to turn
it on because there's nothing to vote
on. I do think that there's going to be
a conversation today and over the next
week about nuking the filibuster. That's
what President Trump has put on True
Social. I don't think the Senate goes in
that direction. I think that's about
Trump trying to regain negotiating
leverage. Um but because of those uh
social media posts, this does go on at
least another week. As the pressure
builds, President Trump is probably
going to have to be the offramp, but as
we get closer to kind of November uh you
know, kind of 21st and as we get closer
to Thanksgiving, that's really I think
where this finally comes to a head. I
think we're at the beginning of the end,
but unfortunately we're still at the
beginning, not the end.
>> Not the end of the end. Ed Mills of
Raymond James, thank you so much for
being with us and have a wonderful
weekend and a wonderful Halloween. And
right now we are getting data from some
of the biggest companies, the big oil
company, Chevron Corporation reporting
earnings, beating earnings estimates uh
as profits from the Hes Corporation
acquisition seem to pay off. You are
seeing the adjusted third quarter
earnings of 185 a share exceeding the
166 average. They also are talking about
share buybacks and it really flies in
the face of oil prices uh Danny which
have gone down. You are still seeing
profits coming out of some of the oil
majors. Yeah, Brent crude on pace for
its worst year since 2020 since co
really depressed demand for oil. It's
notable to your point that the Hess
acquisition is what got them through
[music] speaks to the consolidation
that's happening in this industry and
why it's happening and why we expect
more to come especially with the
deregulatory push that can allow uh more
big oil tie-ups. Coming up, we're going
to be talking about big tech with Dan
Ies of Wedbush [music] who probably will
be bullish as uh Pete Shear noted on big
tech after the earnings we got this
week. Plus Yah with your morning movers.
Reddit soaring on strong advertising
projections. [music] This is Bloomberg.
Good morning. Welcome back. Three hours
until the opening bell. What we can see
right now is a market that wants to
grind higher uh toward new record highs,
building on a third weekly gain. And you
could see that really being driven by
the tech space after the earnings of the
lik of Amazon and Apple yesterday. Tech
up, NASDAQ up 1.1%, S&P futures up
6/10en of a percent, the Russell taking
it a little bit, but yesterday was an
outperformer. What you are seeing is
that Amazon absolutely crushing it in
pre-market [music] trading up almost 13%
after their beat showing that cloud
revenue came in at the strongest going
back to 2022. [music]
Apple shares getting a boost because
people are upgrading their phones
finally to the iPhone 17 and it really
does have to come down to the hardware
and this has been bolstering sentiment.
And just a reminder though, Amazon
shares are only up 1.6% before this
move. So definitely the underperformer
of uh the year so far from the big tech
[music] space. Meanwhile, in the bond
space, a real question about what a Fed
that isn't going to cut rates in
December means for credit markets, for
[music] fixed income markets more
broadly. 10-year yields are the ones
that I'm watching at that 410 mark after
uh selling off, seeing a 10 basis point
rise on Wednesday following the press
conference. [music] Two-year yields
getting a bit 3.6% 6% 3 hours away from
the cash open. Here are your morning
movers with you on Antihira. [music]
>> Hi Lisa. We start with Amazon. As you
said, the stock is soaring nearly 13%
after a strong performance. It's a big
win for a stock that's lagged its tech
peers [music]
this year. The company's profit engine
AWS saw revenue jump 20% year-over-year.
As you said, its strongest growth since
2022 and well ahead of forecast. I will
also note Amazon said that capex last
quarter hit a record more than $34
[music] billion. And moving on to Apple
also another strong performance there.
Shares are up 1 and 3/4% after the
company predicted a strong holiday
period thanks to its [music] newest
iPhones. The tech giant says revenue
will jump as much as 12% while iPhone
sales will jump in the double digits.
That would make it Apple's strongest
iPhone quarter ever. [music]
And we end on Reddit also soaring nearly
11% now in the pre-market after posting
[music]
some pretty impressive numbers in the
third quarter and saying that momentum
will continue into the end of the year
thanks to its advertising [music] unit
thanks to its advertising daily active
users jumping nearly 20% while revenue
grew 70% yearonear. It also gave a
better outlook than analysts expected.
Lisa,
>> thank you so much Yahra. We are getting
earnings ongoing this morning. We did
get Chevron earlier. Now we just got the
numbers from Exxon. The reaction in
shares a little bit worse than what we
saw from Chevron. Those shares down 2%
even though Danny, they seem to be
pretty much across the board for
earnings as well as for revenues coming
in far above expectations
>> and kind of not the same flavor as
Chevron, but a similar one in terms of
what is driving it. It's just new
projects and what they called growth
acquisitions. The cost of capital is
very low for them. So at Exxon, they're
betting that they can take on more debt.
They're already coming from low levels.
take on that debt, have new projects,
and that be the thing to lift them up
despite the fact crude oil prices have
been tumbling all year this year.
>> Yeah. Talking about how their cash capex
slightly is coming in slightly below the
lower end of the 27 to uh 29 billion.
Interestingly, did they did talk about
having some sort of $18 billion in
cumulative cost savings? Whenever I see
cost savings, I wonder, is this just
sort of a sanitized way of saying job
cuts? Is this part of the economies of
scale of some of these acquisitions? At
least they didn't blame AI. At least
they weren't like, "Oh, we're doing AI
things, so we're shaving jobs."
>> But maybe they will be anyway in terms
[laughter] of exactly what's behind it.
We'll dig into that as we get more
details and as the call uh comes
through. On our radar this morning, a
turnaround for tech following Thursday's
losses. Amazon shares surging on its
fastest cloud unit growth in nearly
three years, while Apple gained on a
revenue beat in an upbeat holiday
forecast. Meanwhile, Nvidia CEO Jensen
Hang remaining hopeful about selling his
company's new Blackwell AI chips in
China, adding sales were not discussed
during his meeting with Chinese trade
officials. I love, by the way, Danny,
that they talk about how he's going to
be the sort of referee on these talks.
It's sort of like, you know, the fox in
the hen house. No. Right. Is that is
that comforting or or discomforting? I
mean, it's a China that's explicitly
said we want to use our own homegrown
chips. So you're, you know, pun
intended, putting literally all the
chips in Xi Jinping's basket.
>> All right. Punny Friday. I love it.
Absolutely loving it. And there is this
question about whether it's a national
security thing in order to get US tech
into China so that there isn't this huge
divergence. Meanwhile, Netflix
reportedly exploring a major bid for
Warner Brothers Discovery Studio and
streaming businesses. This according to
Reuters. Netflix has hired advisers to
evaluate any potential deal. Netflix
also announcing a 10 for one stock split
to benefit employees. and of course to
make their stocks more accessible to the
individual investor. But the tie-ups
right now in the media space, it seems
like there is a rush to get big enough
to survive whatever kinds of tech
advancements there are in the years to
come. I want to know if this Netflix bid
if it's something that Warner Brothers
Discovery would actually entertain too.
Because one, I guess it would involve
splitting up the company because they
just want streaming in their studios or
if this was all just a ploy to get Sky
Dance Paramount to up their bid, which
has been said many times. But maybe if
Netflix offers enough, all of a sudden
it becomes attractive. Yeah, this to me
is really the question. What is the
price? What is the clearing level for a
lot of these companies? Turning back to
Apple shares rising in the pre-market
after giving a strong outlook despite
reporting a surprise decline in China
revenue. Dan Ies of Wedbush maintaining
guess what an outperform rating on Apple
and raising his price target to $320.
Dan joins us now. His colorful self, you
never sleep. Love seeing you. So what is
it that was so good given the fact that
this really is a hardware story not
necessarily a technology story which is
what's going on with the rest of the
tech world.
>> Sure. I mean look if you look services
that continues to be rocket Jibralter
for them and that you know mid- teen
growth that I think that's something
from a multiple perspective that
investors are really focused on but look
the reality we've talked about so many
times in the show over the years like
other cycles have been disappointing
from iPhone if you look 15 16 iPhone 17
it almost looks like a surprise upgrade
cycle you know especially in China China
was the headwind now looking like a
tailwind and then also comes back to
cook I mean 10% politician 90% CEO
playing nice in the sandbox in DC that's
going to have an impact as well and this
is all the drum roll to AI. I mean that
that is what you're playing for here
when it comes to Apple over the next
year.
>> Is it I mean I guess that that's really
the key question. Is this still the
promise of AI or is this really a
question of we all have phones that are
broken and cracked and we've been
waiting for a long time and we're going
to now upgrade to the i7. They are
capacity constrained at this point which
was the biggest hamper for them and it's
a completely different story than the AI
spend that we're seeing in the other
companies and a very different kind of
trajectory than maybe what we're seeing
in the other space.
>> Yeah. And that's been the frustration,
right? Because I mean if you look at
Apple this AI party where it was 9:00
p.m. it's now 10:30 p.m. That party goes
to 4:00 a.m. Apple they've been out on
the outside looking through the windows,
right? So now the the focus is consumer
AI revolution. It's going to go through
Certino. Now, how's that happen? Comes
down to that Google DOJ win. That's
huge. And now Candlelight Dinner,
Shundar, Cook, I believe it's a matter
of time they're going to announce a
massive AI partnership on Gemini. That's
what you're playing for because you're
25% of what you're playing for is the
stock's cheap relative to what I think
could happen on iPhone 17 services. But
what you're really playing for here is
they get to the AI party. They announced
that deal over the next year. This is a
$350, $400 stock as AI finally comes to
Certino.
>> Doesn't that though completely not
illegitimize but basically challenge
this idea that you have to spend in the
AI race to keep ahead? If you have a
company like Apple that basically
figures we can partner with people, we
don't need to spend and we can still
benefit. Does that just show you you
don't need to participate in the arms
race for every other company that is?
Yeah, look, it's I think for them it's
unique because there's 2.4 billion iOS
devices, 1.5 billion iPhones. So,
they've built the mountain, right? The
field of dreams and they've built it,
they will come. So, now it comes down to
like from a consumer perspective, you
have to monetize that on the consumer
perspective. I think AI revolution comes
through Apple on the consumer side. When
you look what's happened on the
enterprise, look, it's a fourth
industrial revolution. The reality is is
that from this tech earnings going into
eating chocolate tonight and Sour Patch
Kids and whatever else and Halloween,
you go in as a bull, more bullish
relative to everything we've seen from
hyperscaler, Amazon, Microsoft, even
Meta stock down, but why is it down?
They're spending more and more. And it
speaks to our view. This is only second
inning of the nine inning game.
>> It really changes though how you analyze
these tech companies. If they are taking
on AI servers and other relatively
short-lived assets, it means that
depreciation charges start racking up,
>> how does that change how you think about
these companies and the otherwise cost
discipline that they need to exercise?
>> Yeah. And look, I think that's the
debate, right? Because if you look at
these companies over a year, then you've
never you wouldn't have bought even the
last few years, but the reality is it's
an AI arms race. You're essentially
building out the new economy on the
consumer on the enterprise front. And
that's why you have to be able to look
out two, three years to what this is
going to look like. Microsoft a good
example. I mean, you essentially have
almost built a Microsoft within a
Microsoft. You look what's happened to
Google, right? New York City cab drivers
bearish on Google and alphabet. If you
look back over the last 6 months now
when DOJ search deathly exaggerated,
that's actually a positive relative to
AI. You look at Amazon finally Jasse
saying like, "Hey, don't forget about
us." And that's what that was a huge pop
to champagne moment for them last night.
>> We saw a huge bulk of the Magnificent
Seven report earnings this week. And I
want to just take a look and take stock
of what we've learned. And our team put
together a fantastic series of charts
really looking at the capex expense and
just what this is compared to revenue.
What you can see is that revenues are
expected to increase the likes of 5% at
Amazon. Expected capex rise 51%. Google
expected revenue rise 6%. Capex rise
43%. A similar story for Microsoft. At
what point does that become a concern
that they have to fund an increasing
amount of this with debt that it's
increasingly going to depend on leverage
and the benevolence of private creditors
and all sorts of other investors who are
going to finance this.
>> Yeah. And to that point, that's I think
also outside MAG7 in terms of companies
are going to have to raise debt. They're
going to compete from a capex
perspective. When it comes to big tech,
I mean a trillion dollars in the balance
sheet generate three to 400 billion a
year. So that's why the reality is they
are fueling this AI revolution. But if
you look at capbacks look a year ago
capbacks going to this year was 220 230
billion. That was a thought. It's
actually going to be 380 billion. So I
think investors continue to
underestimate the scale and scope and
that's the fuel in the engine. That's
what's fueling all of this in terms of
the capex cycle. And that's why in his
leather jacket the godfather of AI
Jensen continues to be the chip that
really fueling the AI revolution. But
AMD, TSMC, Broadcom, it speaks to our
view. I mean, I've seen it even like
authentication with, you know, what
we're doing on orb side where you're
seeing like a authentication, cyber
security, crowd strike, powder though.
This is where it's all going. Second,
third, fourth derivatives.
>> Yeah. We get Palanteer on Monday and
then we get the rest. So, we can see
exactly how that's playing out. Just
taking stock though of what we've heard.
And people think of Dan Ives, they think
of Techbull. And you've been right.
You've been 100% right with a lot of
this. I'm just wondering what are you
seeing that does seem excessive that
does make you think hold on a second
there is something here that makes me
just a little bit nervous that there's
some good money going after bad in small
pockets that are getting a little bit
bigger
>> well to that point like I just got back
from you basically being gone a month
around the world trying to understand
like especially in Asia what demand the
spy looks like so for the real ones
demand the spy is 10 to one okay but
there just could you say AI 30 times in
a conference call doesn't make you an AI
play so when you say what worries to me
that's why but Lisa that's like I focus
on like we have our you know ETF like
who are the winners who are the fakes so
it just speaks to my view like that when
you say what worries me it's just
separating out you need to own the
winners you can't just own an AI play
because they have great power points
>> is Caterpillar an AI play
>> there's a to there's a better chance of
me playing in tonight's like blue jays
like Dodgers game than Caterpillar and
being an AI I play that's my opinion but
it speaks to the view like you have to
be careful about who's AI who's real
what are the derivatives and I think as
an investor that's how you separate like
look at the spending who the winners are
second third fourth derivatives
obviously Messi of AI Palunteer being
one of them
>> Dan Ies always wonderful to speak with
you thank you so much and I hope that we
someday learn how to have no sleep like
you do Dan I of Wed Bush securities I
want to go as AI uh to Halloween as AI
what would Does that look like? I'm just
trying to think about that.
>> So, I actually had a friend pitch me
this for you and your husband. One of
you dresses really artificially and then
the other person looks very intelligent.
Dan seems to have an idea how to do
that.
>> I would just say like but Lisa's, you
know, Lisa is the one. She's the house.
She's the one where you you actually
give out full chocolate bars. Totally.
And the problem is like but you're just
one of those and we it's cuz it's your
it's your world. We all pay rent.
>> Oh yeah. But I just want to be
>> He says the capex giant of Halloween
investing in good size shoes.
>> Here's the capex from a truck
perspective [laughter] and then the
neighbor you have this small truck. You
feel bad. That's the problem.
>> All right. So I'm making everybody feel
bad right now. Let's move on. Let's get
you an update on stories for this
morning. Here's your blooper brief with
the endra. Hi [music] Lisa. US oil
majors Chevron and Exxon are reporting
this morning. Exxon posted an earnings
beat. The company is pressing ahead with
a raft of expansion projects despite
[music] slumping oil prices. Meanwhile,
Chevron beat earnings estimates as
profits from the Hes acquisition were
included in the results for the first
time and provided a boost. Chevron's
global production rose 21% to the
equivalent [music] of 4.1 million
barrels a day. Meanwhile, American
soybeans are [music] great again. China
has purchased at least four U US soybean
cargos following the summit [music]
between President Donald Trump and
Chinese leader Xiinping. Sources telling
us here at Bloomberg the cargos are for
shipments [music] later this year and in
early 2026 and the total volume is about
250,000 [music] tons.
And California Public Employees
Retirement System is planning to vote
against Elon Musk's $1 trillion Tesla
[music] pay package. Kalpers, which owns
about 5 million Tesla shares, says the
pay package is far larger than those for
CEOs in comparable companies and further
concentrates power in a single
shareholder. The $1 trillion agreement
spans [music] 10 years and requires Musk
to meet certain benchmarks. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Lisa, [music]
>> thank you so much. Up next, Dan Storyan
of Goldman Sachs's oil giants report
earnings and eyes turn to rare earth
minerals. This is Bloomberg
surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Well, the earnings have delivered and
they've delivered big time and to the
extent that this was going to be a risk
week with magnificent seven stocks
reporting, it has [music] not been and
what you are seeing is a lift to
markets. Equity futures uh indicated
higher led by those tech shares up 610
of a percent on the S&P futures. You are
seeing yields just marginally higher at
that 410 level [music] on the 10-year.
Crude continuing to fall. A real
question here with the over supply under
[music] surveillance this morning.
Earnings from the oil giants crossing
this hour. Exxon shares are lower with
the plans for major expansion projects.
Chevron rising after posting strong
results. Joining us now, Goldman Sachs's
head of oil research, Dan Stroven. Dan,
thank you so much for being here. What a
year on all the commodity fronts. I'm
just wondering with the oil giants what
this tells you about the path of
production in the months and years to
come.
>> Yeah. So I think those those earnings uh
help us to to check in on the key
assumption that global supply will
continue to grow. Um we estimate that
actually uh in the fourth quarter of
this year on a year-over-year basis
global oil production will be up 4%.
That's four times more than in a normal
uh normal year. Um, and that in
combination with the global stocks data
that are rising supports our view that
you sort of have another $10 per barrel
of downside for oil prices over the next
year with brand next year uh averaging
$56 per barrel.
>> Does it look like a race to the bottom
though? You have Exxon Exxon talking
about the fact that they have low levels
of debt so they can take on more debt
and finance more projects. Is that what
the path looks like? So I think 25 and
26 are pretty exceptional in in how much
extra supply we expect to come to the
markets coming both from core OPEC
producers like Saudi Arabia the UEE and
others and then also from production in
the Americas especially from Latin
America actually Brazil Brazil and Guana
if you look out further down the horizon
we see a sharp slowdown in supply growth
from from 27 onward so we really think
of this as the last jump uh in in global
supply and and that's why I think prices
will probably come down somewhat more
next here the last leg lower before we
likely recover as demand probably keeps
growing while supply starts to moderate.
>> Meanwhile, the other big production jump
at least hope of which is in the US for
rare earth materials and it's a Trump
administration that yes may have reached
a pause with China but has been
investing in the key players in the US.
Can the US decouple from China when it
comes to rare earths?
>> So investment in the space is definitely
rising at a at a quick pace. Um, western
governments are investing but we think
it will take years to build up a an
independent supply chain. Uh, China's
dominance in the rare earth supply chain
is pretty pretty incredible. China um
refineses about 92% of rare earths in
the world. Uh, China produces 98% of the
magnets uh that are critical to make
batteries for instance or or in the
defense and AI uh sectors. Uh and
another challenge really has to do with
the fact that if you look at some of the
uh deposits of the so-called heavy rare
earths, they're incredibly concentrated
in China and and Myanmar. Um and so we
we think this issue is not going to go
away. Of course, in the last few days,
we saw China postponing rare earth's
export controls for a year. But I think
this this topic is is here to stay with
markets and investors for years to come.
So as you sus out where in the world
there are these other reserves that
could potentially support US efforts to
derisk not necessarily decouple. We can
dive into what that exactly means. Where
are you seeing rife opportunities?
>> Yeah. So if you if you for instance look
at some of the you American, Australian,
Canadian companies active in the rare
earth supply chain. those equities have
really surged year to they're actually
down over the last two weeks, but year
to date you're still up sometimes if you
take an average 200 300%. Because we
need higher prices to incentivize a big
ramp up uh in in production. Um and so I
think the the companies in in these
these uh supply chains are typically in
the west either in Australia uh the US
or or Canada. What is the biggest
obstacle for the US being
self-sufficient in some of these areas
in the production side of things and the
refining side of things? Is it the
regulatory uh environment? Is it just
how long it will take for the plants to
get built? Is it just the expertise and
the fact that we haven't had it since
2003 2004? Which is it?
>> Yeah, I think all of these above, but if
I had to give you the the top two, I
would put uh refining on number one.
Refining rare earths is incredibly
complex. Um these minerals are
incredibly similar to each other from a
chemical perspective and so rem you know
removing them splitting them is
incredibly hard. It requires a lot of
expertise. Building a refinery typically
takes five years. Uh and actually if you
go back to the 70s and the 80s western
countries like for instance France were
leading the refining process but then
those technologies were exported to
China and then they were improved very
very significantly over time. So I think
refining is complex. It takes time. And
the second major bottleneck is just that
some of these deposits, the the the rare
earth raw minerals for the heavy rare
earths, they're mostly concentrated in
China and Myanmar.
>> All of that just underscores the immense
amount of leverage that China has in
discussions with the US and it use that
leverage on rare earth elements to bring
the US to the table. Does it demonstrate
a playbook? Could commodity
weaponization in trade talks go beyond
rare earths? So I think that commodities
are clearly a key part of sort of the
the US China race for for tech and and
AI AI dominance. Um I think on on the
China side indeed access to rare earths
gives China a lot of a lot of leverage.
If you look at the US side, I think
China has been very focused on allowing
the US to continue to export advanced
chips. You both need very advanced chips
and and you need rare earths in this big
race for for tech tech and AI dominance.
And more broadly, we do think that in a
world where uh you know, countries are
very focused on becoming dominant and be
and decoupled, we think the risk of uh
commodities being used as sources of
geopolitical and economic leverage uh
you know will stay high and arguably has
risen over the last the last the last 10
years. We have seen export restrictions
for rare earths minerals for cobalt out
of the DRC Congo. big picture commodity
supply concentration is high has risen
further. Uh and that's I think why for
investors the message is diversify into
commodities. It's a hedge against
negative supply shocks.
>> Yeah. The whole idea that Eddie Fishman
of Columbia talks about the choke points
in the global order. Just real quick,
how many calls are you getting on things
like nickel that you've never gotten
before? I mean just can you give us a
sense of your scope of inbound bound
calls that you're getting?
>> This is a great year to to push our
boundaries and [laughter] and expand the
scope of commodities we cover. We're
enjoying the process, but sometimes we
have to go back to our menf, you know,
chemistry tables to to go back to the
basics.
>> I was about to say we should have a
chemistry, you should have a periodic
table on the screen. Dan Dven, thank you
so much for being here with us. Dan Dven
of Goldman Sachs and we are seeing with
respect to oil, this question of how the
oil majors are trying to weather this
overprouction in the near term. And it
does seem like it's cutting staff,
consolidating, continuing to produce,
and weathering the storm. It's a vicious
feedback loop because if you're
continuing to produce, to Dan's point,
you're contributing to that over supply.
So then, do you need to produce more? Do
you need to cut more staff at a time
when we're seeing a lot of corporate
America think about slimming down? Yeah,
and we already have seen a lot of layoff
announcements at some of the big oil
companies. Next week, we are going to
get a number of other tech companies
coming out. I'm curious what they have
to say about some of the production
issues with Rare Earth Minerals. Coming
up next, we'll continue the conversation
with Barbara Duran of BDA Capital
Partners, former White House trade
official Kate Kuowitz, Gene Monster of
Deep Water Asset Management, and Winnie
Caesar of Credit Sites. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance. Good morning.
[music]
There's so much uncertainty what's
happening here.
>> That's what's hard for the Fed. They're
in the muddled middle.
>> We're in a bit of a data vacuum.
>> I don't think that the December rate cut
is a foregone conclusion.
>> There are strong signs here that Powell
is struggling to manage the committee.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. We're getting data in the
form of earnings. Big tech coming in
strong. Take a look at Amazon premarket
shares just absolutely soaring [music]
in pre-market trading. Now the question
is the data that we're not getting the
K-shaped economy. Thorson of uh Apollo
coming out saying K-shaped economy also
for corporates because you [music] can
see that big tech space doing absolutely
phenomenally posting incredible numbers.
The rest of the world Danny not so much.
And the breath has been so bad in
[music] this equity market. We have had
your record-breaking numbers of days
when you are up in the very limited
amount of stocks that are taking us
there. Is it a really regressive event?
Because not only is [music] the stock
market going higher, maybe it puts
pressure on energy demand. So energy
gets more expensive for everyday people.
I will say Peter Shear in the last hour
says not. So the construction projects
are actually going to benefit the lower
income people and the creation of jobs,
>> which is really a key question as we
take a look at the capex spending from
some of these companies. Let's take a
look at what some of these companies
have been pledging for [music] the year
to come as well as the current year.
Next year forecasts, Microsoft coming
out saying yes that they plan to
increase what they spent this year
significantly. Amazon going from 34
billion this year to $125 billion of
capex [music]
next year. We're talking about Meta
tripling from almost 20 billion to 72
billion next year. And Google going from
24 [music] to 93 billion. these massive
spending plans that have really been
edifying a lot of the rally that we have
seen. And of course, [music] the big
tech company that's not on there is
Apple. And I really do wonder if the
good results from Apple stress test the
idea that you have to spend because it
is Apple that has bet [music] that it
doesn't need to spend. It can benefit
from everybody else. It can partner up
with other people and it doesn't need to
commit hundreds of billions in capex.
So, do they prove maybe for some of
these companies? I [music] don't know.
It's unnecessary.
>> Yeah. And you're building on what Dan
said uh earlier today, Dan Ives, which I
thought was fascinating. The idea that
Apple could end up partnering [music]
with Google and Gemini using their
artificial intelligence rather than
investing on their own uh to [music]
really build this out. Is this the model
if this isn't going to violate some of
the antitrust agreements? [music]
That's really a key question here.
>> That is a huge question because Google
has come up against it and lost before.
But maybe in this administration,
they'll find a more friendly player. Of
course, those original cases were
brought on by the Trump administration
[music]
1.0, but at least it seems like it's a
bet Apple's willing to take, and Google
has won some of those cases. So, that's
also part of the issue. Right now,
you're seeing in markets a win for the
bulls. You are seeing a third straight
weekly gain. Building on that gain this
morning. S&P futures up 610 of a
percent. You are seeing yields just
marginally higher as people assess the
Fed's landscape as well as just the
strength in the underlying economy. What
you are seeing in Amazon and Apple, real
gains as we mentioned before. Coming up
this hour, Barbara Duran of BDA Capital
as Wall Street delivers another big tech
rally. Former White House trade official
Kate Kucawitz with President Trump's
global tariffs facing a legal challenge.
And Winnie Caesar of credit sites as the
AI boom takes on more debt. We begin
this hour with stocks edging higher on
strong earnings from Apple and Amazon.
Bloomberg's Matthew Bloxom joins us now
for more. Matthew, thank you so much for
being with us. I just want to get a sort
of report card and what we've learned
this week. Who are the winners? Who are
the losers? Are there losers? Or was
this just a big beat that blows back all
bubble talks?
>> I think if you look at the top line, it
was a win for all of the companies, you
know, they they generally beat
expectations. If you look at someone
like a Google or a Meta where there's
question marks about whether you know
so-called legacy social media businesses
which generate all this kind of
advertising revenue are at immediate
risk from the likes of Chat GPT. I think
what we've seen is they're actually
using AI to their advantage to
strengthen those businesses in the near
term and fend off that competition. But
that clearly is a kind of mid-term risk
around AI browsers um um eating into
that. I think that the story is more
nuanced around the investment side. You
know, we saw Meta severely punished
earlier in the week. Uh because there
isn't a particularly clear link between
the huge amount of money they're
spending on AI infrastructure and the
revenue that's going to come in to
justify that investment. And you're
seeing a much stronger connection with
the likes of Amazon, Microsoft, and even
Google's cloud business. And I think
that's because that revenue connection
is into the business market. You know,
we are definitely starting to see
businesses move from a piloting phase
into a more kind of implementation phase
when it comes to AI. You know, there are
much clearer use cases forming that
they're investing in and that's driving
demand for additional compute and and
cloud capacity. Uh and and Meta doesn't
really have that. Uh and so it's a bit
more aspirational in terms of where the
new revenue streams are going to come
from uh to justify the huge sums they're
investing in AI capacity
>> and right now they're looking to the
debt markets to open up their
pocketbooks to try to help fuel that.
Bloomberg's Matthew Blossom, thank you
so much for being with us. Barbara Duran
of BD8 Capital writing, "The market in
the near term seems to have been fully
discounting positive outcomes. The
narrow advance this week also likely
signaled unsustainable near-term highs."
Barbara joins us now for more. Barbara,
are you pushing back right now against
the optimism we're seeing in markets in
the very near term, but you're also
seeing the response that was a response
this week has been very interesting
because going into the earnings for um
Microsoft and Meta, you had the highest
expectations in terms of you had the Fed
cutting. You had earnings are coming in
well above, you know, targets and then
you also had people were thinking the
AI, we've had so much reaffirmation in
the last few weeks in terms of
announcements, especially from Nvidia
and partnerships and orders and that
sort of thing. So understandable with
the 23 times PE, we're going to have
volatility, you know, so in the near
term, caution is warranted. However,
you're seeing this morning what's
happening, you know, with the Amazon,
you know, good earnings there and Apple,
you know, not to mention Coinbase. So I
think just caution in general at this
point putting new money to work.
However, when you get selloffs like
yesterday and you see Meta down, I think
Meta is a buying opportunity in here
because again, we saw this a couple
years ago. People were freaking out and
won earnings because they were spending
so much money. the stock count got down
to $100.99 briefly and it was a great
buying opportunity because it's really
about the users and engagement. So in
these kinds of selloffs that's when you
can cherrypick you know some of these
high-flying names because you have to be
long them and if you're not you need to
get in.
>> So has Meta then done enough in your
mind to prove that it's not just
spending for the sake of spending that
it will in turn result in real revenue
for them? I think they've proven that
over and over again and certainly in the
last year they're one of the first to
really show their spending on AI but
they are also one of the first to use it
effectively. You've seen that in terms
of increasing their user base, their
engagement, their advertising targeting
is much better. They are leading the
pack there. So I think they are living
proof that AI can really change the
productivity of your business.
>> I say it's remarkable how much event
risk we've just lived through in the
past 5 days. You laid out a bunch of
them added tariff China trade talks to
the central banks into the tech
earnings. Namir's Charlie Mcceliad has
said the fact that we've gotten the
central bank decisions out of the way
and the trade deals where it's kind of
like nothing to see here means that
macro won't be the influence for the
rest of the year that it will be a
meltup and a fear of the right tail that
keeps people buying. Would you agree
with that?
>> Yeah, I I think that's accurate. I mean,
we've been through so much geopolitical
risk, you know, this year in terms of
the Middle East. We still have Russia to
deal with, you know, particularly this
recent nuclear testing things that seems
to be ratcheting up. China, you know,
they they really didn't address some of
the major things in terms of are we
going to sell the black wheel chips
chips? Are we going to do a lot more?
But that seems to have calmed down. And
with President Trump's commitment to go
back in April, I think those
geopolitical and trade tariffs, I think
we're getting used to, you know, there
can be a sudden tweet, you know, and we
saw that sell off a couple weeks ago and
he said 100% tariff on China, but then
the market calmed down. So, I think that
a lot of those things, the macro risks
are calming down. So I think it's really
looking at again right now the market is
is uh has a high valuation. However,
this week also was the the again about
AI that is so driving it. You had talked
earlier about the narrow advance and it
is indeed narrow but that is where the
action is. These are big free cash flow
and if you look ahead to next year again
we're seeing great earnings and the
guidance is key because obviously the
earnings are just what happened but
you've also got the full impact of the
tax package and capex should start to
kick in. If bank deregulation happens,
that's going to actually increase
capital available to loan out, helping
individuals, businesses, particularly
small businesses. So, and I think
there's a lot to look forward to next
year that's going to be positive. Is
stock markets uh gain, the credit
market's pain, and I ask this because
this week we saw a transfer of some of
the risk with some of these capex plans.
And yes, Meta is the poster child of it,
but it's not just Meta, it's also
Oracle. We've seen these huge debt sales
come out. How much does this start to
raise your alarm bells about taking more
risk in the credit sphere and maybe
consolidating any kind of risk on move
within the equity space? Well, I think I
think these are excellent questions and
it's something that you will tend to see
in any sector where there's an explosion
of interest over capacity is very easy
to happen because everybody's doing it
and where does it end up you know if one
example has been the fiber buildout but
it's very different because and I think
and Yansen Wong described it I think in
yesterday about the virtuous circle
because the more you spend the more you
up the abilities of AI the more it gets
adopted the more affordable it gets and
a lot of these things yeah we're talking
about the debt that that's been
announced But so much is being financed
by free cash flow from these companies
which generate just huge amounts. So I
think we are going to see it just
continue to build and build and build
and I'm not so concerned about the debt
because I think they'll get the payoff
on that in a not so distant future.
>> What you have seen from earnings has
been this Kshape and this is something
that tors of Apollo put out this
morning. You have seen the winners, you
have seen the Chipotles, the losers.
This idea that you are going to struggle
with a consumer that is weaker in
certain pockets. And I just wonder
whether it matters to you with the
narrow breath and the sort of AI promise
in the equity market. Whether it matters
if the Fed cuts rates in December or
whether essentially this week we learned
it doesn't really matter because
ultimately it's all about big tech for
the risk assets.
It does and it doesn't matter. I mean
obviously if they cut it does help you
know the big tech guys because it
obviously the value of the cash flows
going forward that can be a PE
expansion. It's also it obviously
matters for housing for the lower income
consumer. We're talking a lot about that
and that's where I think Chipotle is the
canary in the coal mine. got retail
reports coming up. You know, although it
was interesting, Amazon reported
yesterday in e-commerce, they're not
seeing any, you know, impact from
tariffs. They're not seeing um prices go
up. They're not seeing demand come down.
But I think it's being very different as
people start to shop, you know, for the
holiday season and what that what that
means and how much the lower income is
going to impact. So I think that if the
Fed does not cut in December, I don't
think it's such a big deal, but we're
going to have a lot more information,
too, because if the right now from
private sources and from the companies
themselves that are reporting, there
does labor seems to be sort of in a
flatline and whether that's because
there's lower supply or whatever. But
the one thing we are watching, we've
seen these layoff announcements with
Amazon, UPS, and others right now still
can be oneoffs. We don't know if that's
a trend because that's been the whole
thing. there's no hiring, but there's no
firing. And so that's being watched very
closely, you know, but I think and
again, we're going to have a real lag in
information going into that December
meeting. Even if the government shutdown
stopped tomorrow, it's going to take a
while to gather because they haven't
been gathering information. So that's
got to happen.
>> So I I you know, I could see the Fed not
cutting in December, but depending on
the information that comes in, could be
January because we've been doing pretty
well, you know, even with the Fed
supposedly restrictive.
>> Barbara Duran, thank you so much for
being here. Barbara Dan of FDA Capital
joining us here and we should be getting
personal income and personal spending
Danny as well as core PCE and personal
spending was supposed to go down to 0.4%
based on economist survey by Bloomberg
from 0.6%. That's the data you're going
to get estimates from economists because
we're not going to get it officially.
>> Yeah. You're going to get alternative
data. You're going to get the beige book
and again I go back to Chair Powell
saying that's enough for us to make a
decision to I guess not move.
>> Yeah. Well, exactly. To be in the fog
and call it the dark and say come on
guys, get it together right now. Let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere
this morning. Here's a bloom brief with
Yahira Anna and Tihira.
>> Hi [music] Lisa. Fizer has four business
days to offer a better deal than Novo
Nordisk's bid for obesity biotech
Mitsera or walk away from the [music]
deal. Novo Nordisk is offering at least
$6.5 billion to Metsera shareholders
with the possibility of the price rising
[music] to $9 billion if certain targets
are met. But Sarah is working on an
obesity drug that could be given as a
monthly [music] shot comp while current
comparable drugs are taken weekly.
Meanwhile, Netflix [music] is reportedly
considering a bid for Warner Brothers
Discovery Studio and streaming
businesses. According to Reuters,
Netflix has hired advisers and access
[music] confidential financial data to
evaluate a potential offer. Warner
Brothers Discovery announced earlier
this month that it was exploring
strategic options, [music] including a
possible sale after receiving interest
from multiple parties. And President
Trump is urging Republican senators to
scrap the filibuster in order to bypass
Democrats and reopen the government. The
filibuster is a tactic used [music] to
delay or block votes by keeping debates
running. 60 votes are required to
overcome a filibuster. [music]
Republicans currently have just a 53
seat majority. It's been 30 days since
the start of the government shutdown.
That's your Bloomberg [music] brief,
Lisa.
>> And will they get it resolved by
Thanksgiving, so if you're flying
anywhere, nobody can blame air traffic
controllers [music] because they have a
hard enough job. Up next, the Supreme
Court showdown.
>> I think that we have a very high level
of confidence that the Supreme Court
will side with us. I even spoke in the
oval with the president about it. I say
the level of confidence is extremely
high.
>> Former White House trade official Kate
Kuwitz joins next. [music] This is
Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Coming into a week of third week of
gains on the S&P 500 on the NASDAQ. You
are seeing those gains build [music]
this morning after tech earnings for the
likes of Apple and Amazon yesterday up
almost 7/10 of a percent now on the S&P
yields just slightly higher. Crude lower
as we do get a sense that there is going
to be that ongoing over supply from the
likes of Chevron and Exxon [music]
competing for market share not
necessarily on price. Under surveillance
this morning, Supreme Court showdown.
>> I think that we have a very high level
of confidence that the Supreme Court
will side with us. We think we're on
very strong grounds. Uh I've been
fishing through the briefs myself just
to see uh what the arguments are and I
think that the case is very very strong
and are highly confident that they'll
they'll side with us. I even spoke in
the oval with the president about I to
say the level of confidence is extremely
high.
>> Here's the latest Supreme Court
arguments on the legality of President
Trump's global tariffs set for next
week. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us
now. Tyler, it seems like a big
potential risk for markets. What are you
watching as those arguments come to the
light?
>> Yeah, Hale Lisa. Well, the Supreme Court
first of all agreed to hear this on an
unusually aggressive schedule, signaling
to us that they may like to resolve this
quickly. Now, as you mentioned, this has
to do with the legality of President
Trump's tariffs invoked through IEPa,
the International Emergency Economic
Powers Act and whether or not President
Trump has the legal authority to do so
because we have never seen tariffs
enacted through IEPa before. There's
questions here about whether or not he
bypassed Congress. But importantly, when
it comes to AIPA, President Trump needs
to declare a national emergency in order
to to use use the law. So, he did that
one when he cited fentanyl and the
border to impose tariffs on Mexico,
Canada, and China. And then again for
the so-called reciprocal tariffs where
he cited persistent trade imbalances as
amounting to a national emergency. And
that is really the second big question
to watch out for as this case unfolds is
whether or not uh those national
emergencies that President Trump
declared if he does have the legal
authority to use AIPA reach the legal
standard of being an unusual and
extraordinary threat. So those are some
of the ways that this could actually
play out when it does reach the Supreme
Court. But Lisa, it's important for us
to note that while AIPA does extend to
the vast majority of the tariffs imposed
by the Trump administration, it's
definitely not all of them. And US
officials have been pretty open with us
that they have other tariff tools in the
toolbox to use, including those section
232 tariffs enacted over national
security concerns on sector specific
industries and then section 301 tariffs,
for example, which look into unfair
trade practices.
>> Tyler Kendall, thank you so much as
always. Uh, right now joining us, former
White House trade official Kate Kuwitz,
who wrote, "A decision would have the
potential to redefine presidential
authority over trade policy." Kate joins
us now. And Kate, before we get into the
big sweeping questions, how are you
advising clients who are suggesting that
maybe they should try to claw back some
of the tariffs that they've already paid
should some of these tariffs be
overturned or potentially could face
other tariffs that could be just as
punitive, if not more so? Well, I think
as as exciting as it is for for
companies that have been worried about
these tariffs and have been arguing
about the impact on their businesses,
it's really best to take a calm approach
to this, a wait and see approach to this
because as you just heard, the president
has many other tariff authorities and I
think frankly if he loses his ability to
use these AIPA tariffs, he has many
other other authorities in his quiver uh
to put these back in place. even if he
has other tools. Kate, how long does it
take to implement? How different does
the implementation look if not with the
use of AIA?
>> Well, it's a great question because of
course some of these other authorities
require procedures to take place. We've
seen in the case of these 232 tariffs
that there is about a 200 to 250day
delay in between the announcement and
the imposition of tariffs. Section 301
tariffs which were just referenced about
unfair trade practices can take up to a
year. So they are simply not as fast as
the IPA tariffs. But I think it's
important to remember they are more
durable than the AIPA tariffs simply
because a process has established them.
The one benefit of the AIPA tariffs if
if we want to call it that is that they
can be removed as quickly as they're
imposed. So that provides the president
and companies a bit more flexibility
about the long-term nature of them.
flexibility. Can we translate that into
certainty, Kate? Dependent on the
Supreme Court decision. What outcome
would give more or less certainty to
corporate America?
>> Well, it depends on the type of
certainty we're looking for. I mean,
frankly, the the certainty around
tariffs, I think, in a in a medium-term
picture is that they're here to stay and
they're going to expand much more
drastically. AIPA tariffs are are quite
exciting because of the Supreme Court uh
because of the way they've been imposed
in such a broad way across the globe.
The 232 tariffs which are these national
security tariffs on a wide ranging
amount of sectors in the United States
are probably going to be here to stay.
And these are very high tariffs. They're
25% 50% on things like steel and
aluminum and cars. And and I think
frankly we need to be prepared for some
long-term imposition of these sorts of
tariffs.
>> Kate, how does it change negotiations
with China? This week we saw a
standstill or back to normal and waiting
another year to renegotiate things. How
do changes in the legality impact those
conversations?
>> Well, I'm of the view that they don't
change them at all. If you remember, the
tariff burden on China largely at this
point relates to section 301. the
authority we talked about that allows
the administration to go after unfair
trade practices. Importantly, before
President Trump went to Asia, USR, US
trade representative announced that they
would be launching another 301
investigation into China's compliance
with the commitments it made to
President Trump. So, USR is already
gearing up for another round of
potential tariffs under a very steady
authority. The AIPA tariffs or so-called
fentinel tariffs as you saw were reduced
by half. So that remains 10% on fentinel
and 10% reciprocal which are under the
authority. The other 25% are under 301
and can be expanded with with fair fair
ease.
>> Right now we're just trying to assess
what actually got done in Asia, what the
landscape looks like. What are you
telling clients about how much they can
rely on the sort of new effective rates
of about 30% for China, 20% for
Southeast Asian countries that are big
trade partners with the United States?
>> From a US perspective and and from a
client perspective, I can say these are
fairly stable. Uh the president of
course has not indicated his interest in
in raising tariffs on China. I think
this is a result and an outcome that he
had hoped for. Um, you know, he's going
to be very focused, as we saw in the in
the days leading up to the summit with
President Xi, a focus on negotiating
trade agreements with other economies in
the region. He is attempting at the
moment, I believe, to isolate China to
provide a stronger amount of leverage
going into his next meeting with Xi. So
whether or not that takes place in the
spring or in a year from now, I think we
will be moving toward stronger leverage
on the United States side, but that will
be done to to exact wins from the
Chinese side rather than impose
significantly higher tariffs. Now, of
course, we can't predict what the
Chinese may do and and our president
always likes to go back to tariffs. So I
think if President Xi and the Chinese
make some big moves, we we could see
ourselves back in a higher tariff
scenario. But as for now, I don't think
that's what President Trump wants.
>> Kate, why is Canada so bad?
>> Canada, it's challenging. Uh, but I
mean, it's not a question of being bad
or good. I think there is just some ill
personal will that dates back, frankly,
for President Trump and and former Prime
Minister Trudeau. Um, but also, you
know, when I speak to former colleagues
at at the US Trade Representative,
negotiators continue to to say, "We we
loved negotiating with Canada, but they
were tough." They echo a little bit what
President Trump says. The barriers that
remain between the United States and and
frankly its most important trading
partner are longheld, very difficult
barriers. You hear them on dairy and
lumber. um these these sort of sit below
the surface and I think create these
these unpleasant tensions. I am hopeful
that Canada I think will will realize
that the United States economy the
United States consumer pool uh are in
its best interest and I'm hoping some
cooler heads can prevail here.
>> Former White House trade official
Kugwitz, thank you so much. It does feel
Danny like a family affair, doesn't it?
Sort of.
>> Yeah, incredibly personal like putting
out this attack ad here. I mean, at my
Thanksgiving dinner, we're going to have
attack ads. I just, you know, different
relatives.
>> Would love to be invited. Lisa, that
sounds marvelous. [laughter] Actually,
not at all. It'll be much more tame.
Coming up next hour, not that. Gene
Monster of Deep Water Asset Management
wrapping up this week's big tech
earnings. Plus, Yahara with your morning
movers. Shares of Coinbase higher
[music] on earnings and an uptick in
crypto trading.
Two hours to the opening bell and you
can see that lift continuing to build
heading into the open. Futures higher
across the board, up 7/10en of a percent
on the S&P, even more so on the NASDAQ.
As we [music] look to tech companies to
rally, you do see yields just marginally
higher, crude lower. Take a look at
these two [music] particular names.
We're looking at Amazon and Apple after
yesterday's earnings. Amazon shares up
almost 13% in pre-market trading. Apple
shares up 2.3%. Amazon coming into this
was only up about 1.6% 6% on the year.
So really put the catch-up trade here to
the other tech giants. [music] Two hours
away from that cash open. Here are your
morning movers with Yhierra Anna.
Jihara.
>> Hi Lisa. We are seeing Netflix shares
and Warner disco brothers Discovery
shares rising in the pre-market market
on a Reuters report that Netflix is
eyeing Warner Brothers Discoveries
studio and streaming businesses [music]
drawn by HBO Max and its popular library
library that includes DC [music] comics
and of course the Harry Potter
franchise. We know that Comcast and
Paramount's guidance are also circling.
[music] So, this could turn into quite
the showdown. And we move on to
Coinbase. Those shares are up more than
4% in the pre-market on third on third
quarter profit surge thanks to stronger
trading plus an acquisition and more
digital assets on its platform helping
nearly double transaction volume.
investors also liking what they heard on
the call with Coinbase aiming to become
an everything [music] exchange and
getting into things like prediction
markets. And this is one of those
companies gaining attention as an AI
play. Shares of Western Digital up
nearly 10%. The de this is a data
storage [music]
giant and it is soaring after reporting
first quarter profit that more than
doubled with the company saying that AI
and [music] data center growth are
driving record demand for its high
capacity drives. Lisa, thank you so
much. Yahara Danny, I think that we
should just be an AI [music] play. I
keep thinking that
>> I think so we'd probably get paid more.
Maybe we can list ourselves on the stock
market and do wonderfully. It's
[laughter] it's the playbook.
>> Yeah, AI AI fueled anchor on on our
radar this morning. Amazon Web Services
reporting third quarter revenue of $ 33
billion. That's a 20% jump from last
year and the biggest year-over-year rise
since the end of 20122. Amazon's total
sales rose 13% to more than $180
billion. And really key in this is that
Danny, this is a company that always has
been heavily capital intensive. It has
never been an asset light company in the
tech space. Right now, they're
demonstrating the power in their cloud
services at a time where the other parts
seem to at least not be losing ground.
Right. And in that excellent board
you've been showing about how much
everybody is spending, Amazon is far and
away spending the most. But to your
point, they're showing that the spending
is paying off, that AI is powering their
cloud results. Unlike a meta where Mark
Zuckerberg was a little bit more vague
on exactly what the returns would be
from its AI spend. So, the market does
seem at least just this week. Who knows
what happens after that, but we're
discerning on what you're getting in
return for the spend.
>> Yeah. And how much the spending is
outpacing some of the increases that
we're seeing in revenue. Meanwhile, when
it comes to uh other sectors other than
AI, although they could also be an AI
play, US oil majors Chevron and Exxon
reporting this morning, Exxon posting an
earnings beat, the company pressing
ahead with a raft of expansion projects
despite slumping oil prices. Meanwhile,
Chevron beating earnings estimates as
profits from the Hess acquisition were
included in the results for the first
time. Danny, to me, these stories are
fascinating because of the job cuts
coming with them and the play for just
simply having the supply in order to
compete on just product rather than
price at a time where prices are
expected to continue to be uh at least
some knowledge for a while.
>> Right? It's a symptom of oil prices that
are on track for their worst year in 5
years. Plus, an OPEC plus decision this
weekend where they're likely to increase
oil supply yet again. So, you have them
and the oil majors increasing the
supply. So what do you do? You just try
to get more market share and you go big
on expense discipline which can result
in job losses.
>> Yeah, we saw 18 billion dollars of
expense discipline from the likes of uh
Exxon this morning. Uh Vice President JD
Vance meanwhile meeting with airline
CEOs amid a push to end the government
shutdown ahead of the busy holiday
travel season. Air traffic controller
absences causing major delays and
cancellations at airports along the east
coast Thursday. This is what really uh
caused the end to the shutdown, the
prior longest shutdown that we saw
during the first Trump term. I just
wonder whether this is also a play for
political cover, how much this is trying
to jockey for public sentiment as to
who's to blame. And I mean, it's notable
that the airlines weren't just like end
this shutdown. They said we want to
clean CR, which is decidedly with the
Republicans and what they want. So the
airlines almost making a clear decision
in that. But I mean the the statistics
and numbers have been so bad. Orlando
apparently is one of the worst hit when
it comes to air traffic control. The
average delay was nearing three hours
for airlines in New York City. They had
a groundhalt not just because of the bad
weather but also insufficient staff. For
these senators and for these
representatives who go home basically
every week every weekend. This is
hitting them literally where it hurts.
>> I really would like to see that chart if
you have it. If you could send it to me
just where the biggest delays are just
because I'm very curious where not to
travel. We'll make you a Florida
basically. Don't go to Orlando. Sorry,
Orlando.
>> Honestly, I've seen that happen though
so many times. The storm that always
happens, the canceled flight, not
getting rebooked, but you know.
>> Yeah, it feels like shutdown or not,
you're sitting on the tarmac. Sorry.
[laughter] Turning back to tech. Less of
that. Apple share is getting a boost
following a revenue beat and an upbeat
holiday forecast. Gene Monster of Deep
Water Asset Management writing this. I
expect Apple to be the best performing
Mag 7 through the end of the year. Gan
joins us now. Jean, Apple best
performing. Why?
>> It's pretty straightforward. There's two
big levers. First is that iPhone demand
for the next three quarters is likely
going to outpace the street. The
street's looking for around 7%, I expect
it to be 10%. That of course is one of
the big focus. That's why the stock was
moving around after market yesterday.
It's all about the iPhone. So that piece
and it begs the question of why is the
iPhone going to be better? It's not
about AI features. It's less about
product features. It's more about this
massive upgrade pool they had back in
2021. As a reminder, that year, iPhone
grew 39%.
Huge growth. And then the subsequent 15
quarters, it basically was down a half a
percent. And now we're starting to reap
the benefits of that uh that big cycle.
So that's one piece is just we're going
to see some better iPhone numbers and
expectations. And the second is that the
a the Apple intelligence bar is just so
low coming into the new Siri next year.
And I think that hope springs eternal
when it comes to investors and when it
comes to a feature like Apple
intelligence that uh I believe is going
to be the biggest step forward since the
iPhone itself. I mean this is a massive
potential for them to contextualize
personal data with some sort of digital
assistant. And um you know they've set
this high bar out that it's going to be
next year. Your own Mark German is
saying that it's going to be kind of
March March April time frame and I think
that anticipation of that's going to be
good for the multiple. So when you put
those two together I think that sales
are going to be better because of the
iPhone upgrade pool and then separately
I think the multiple expands because
anticipation of what's going to happen
with Apple intelligence. Gan, we were
had we were speaking with Dan Ives
earlier of Wed Bush Securities and he
said that he expects Apple to partner
with the likes of Google with some sort
of Gemini partnership to provide some of
the heavy lifting for the AI effort. Is
that something that you're expecting? Is
that kind of the underpinning of the
optimism around Apple AI?
>> That's part of it. And I think Dan's
definitely on to something that uh
what's going on with Gemini and uh just
Apple working beyond uh GPT and OpenAI
and what they have told us back at WWDC
in June is that they are open to other
developers, other platforms, other large
language models and they've specifically
pointed out to Gemini. The central
question is uh just how much is this
just uh in terms of the menu for
developers? Are they going to just allow
developers to use the Gemini model when
they build iOS apps or is this something
bigger where they really lean on Gemini
to power this new Siri experience? And
so it is a daunting task to take this
personalized data and do this contextual
build these personalized bots around it.
And so I expect them to pull from more
than one more than just open AI to
deliver that. So I think he's on to
something that the one of the other big
questions around this is what does this
mean in terms of financially? And in the
case where they would be doing something
with Gemini, this is a little bit of a
different piece where they're actually
licensing technology from Google. It's
most likely where Apple would pay Google
for that. Now they've given guidance to
expect some of their capex and some
expenses around AI to go up modestly
next year a few billion dollars which
seems like chump change when you look at
these hundreds of billions of dollars
that are being spent. Uh so uh the
bottom line is that this is a a cost if
they do end up leveraging more around
Google is some is a cost that Apple can
uh easily manage and uh maintain the
margins that investors love so much.
>> Gene is there any regulatory risk to
that? Is this a relationship that
regulators would welcome and not
challenge?
>> Uh I mean clearly uh the regulatory
piece has been something that has
concerned investors that that has been
diminishing over time. And I think what
we saw with the regulatory around Google
and their search deal. Of course, this
is about a fifth of Apple's earnings
come from this Google search placement.
And so the fact that that kind of went
in a in a good direction I think is a
sign of a little bit of a softening tone
on the the regulatory side. Um so I
think that and this piece you know this
dynamic around Google it largely won't
have a regulatory uh topic. Uh there is
a question about if Apple does want to
do something bigger if they want to
acquire somebody like a perplexity which
I think would make a ton of sense for
them. You know that is something that
may be a little bit more of a challenge.
um these big tech companies want to get
a hold of forplexity,
but I think that regulatory piece is
something that's that's going to make
that less likely.
>> So, Gene, if a strong iPhone 17 upgrade
cycle allowed Apple to play for time
when it comes to their AI offering, just
how much time did it give them? How
patient are you willing to be to allow
Apple to figure out and solve the mess
that currently is Siri?
I mean it's it's it's really the central
question for Apple over the next two
years uh three years maybe even five
years of how much time investors are
going to give them to figure this out.
So point of time today is that the bar
is really high because they've set that
bar high about what the next series is
going to look like. But if we fast
forward into April and let's say that
it's a disappointment. I think that the
stock will clearly trade off but
investors are going to give Apple more
time competitively. All that's on the
horizon next year is this new device
that we'll see for the first time from
OpenAI. It'll be available likely in
2027, but there has been essentially
nothing that's happened when it comes to
consumer hardware AI that has changed
the competitive field. And so, uh, at
the end of the day, uh, consumers love
their Apple devices. the this this
resurgence we've seen with uh the iPhone
in the last two quarters and the
guidance for December is all about that
commitment that Apple customers have to
the platform, that upgrade pool. And so
the reality is is that these devices
just become entrenched in our lives.
They're just surround us. It's not just
the phone. And I think that that's going
to give them much more time. Yes, the
stock is going to have some variations
around how people feel about any given
change to their AI, but ultimately
they're gonna investors will give them
more time and most importantly the
consumers will because they've made such
a big investment into Apple's products
over the last decade.
>> Jane, just quickly here, you said that
Apple is going to be the biggest gainer
through the end of the year. Who do you
see in the magnificent seven names as
being the biggest loser?
I mean, I think that, you know,
surprisingly, I think Amazon's going to
have its surge today, but expectations
have shifted higher. I still think that
they're struggling with they're losing
share within cloud. Yes, they had a good
quarter uh with AWS, but that losing
share piece, and so it's been a lagard.
It's getting its day in the sun today,
but I think that that's probably going
to be towards the bottom of the list.
>> Gene Monster of Deep Water Asset
Management, thank you so much for those
insights. Right now, let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere this
morning. And here is your Bloomber brief
with Yhira Anand. Yahihira. [music]
>> Hi Lisa. Nvidia pushing to expand AI
infrastructure around the world. The
chip maker is supplying accelerator
chips to South Korea's largest companies
Samsung, Hyundai, and SK Group. This as
Nvidia plans to invest as much as $1
billion in AI in in the AI company
Poolside. The deal [music] would
quadruple the valuation of the startup.
Meanwhile, American soybeans are great
again. China has purchased at least four
[music] US soybean cargos following the
summit between President Trump and
Chinese leader Xiinping. [music] Sourc
is telling us here at Bloomberg the
cargos are for shipment later this year
and in early 2026 and the total volume
is about 250,000 [music] tons. And
Google's YouTube TV has lost major
channels like [music] ESPN and ABC after
failing to strike a new licensing deal
with the Walt Disney Company. [music]
YouTube called the blackout a Disney
negotiating tactic to force price hikes
while Disney argues Google is trying to
undercut industry [music] standard
terms. Discussions between the companies
are ongoing and YouTube will offer
subscribers a $20 credit [music] if the
channels remain unavailable. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhara, up next,
priced for perfection.
>> Spreads are very tight. It probably
makes sense for these companies to
issue, but I would say that overall
we're starting from a position where uh
credit is priced pretty close to
perfection. Not much scope for error.
>> Winnie Caesar of Credit Sites [music]
joins next. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Stocks pushing higher on the last day of
this week, which will be the third
straight weekly gain. You could see it
led by the NASDAQ. You are seeing as the
session grows older, futures in the
[music] S&P continuing to push higher,
up threequarters of a percent, 70 uh 74
basis points. We're looking also at
yields marginally higher. A real
question here about a Fed that might not
cut in December and what this means
longer term about just how dovish they
are. 10-year yields at 4.1%.
We did also see yesterday a whole glut
of bond sales. And Danny, one thing that
we saw was Meta coming out with $30
billion of sales. This follows Oracle
with their blockbuster debt sales. And
we did see a huge reaction in credit
markets to basis point push upward in
terms of investment grade credit
spreads. Not much in terms of push back.
In fact, more just give us [music] more.
And it's weird because the equity market
for Meta fell 11 and a3%. Usually, it's
supposed [music] to be the discerning
credit investors who get scared and are
bearish. Instead, it was the equity
market. Does it speak to the amount of
capital in this credit market [music]
that has to be put to work that maybe
some of the risks are getting papered
over? And then you do get that
divergence, bearish equity market,
bullish credit market.
>> Is the risk transferring from equities
[music] in some ways to credit as they
fund the buildout of the AI promise,
hopes, and [music] dreams under
surveillance this morning. Priced for
perfection.
I don't think where I'd go as far as
saying we are concerned. The fact is the
market is currently absorbing it.
Spreads are very tight. It probably
makes sense for these companies to
issue. But I would say that overall
we're starting from a position where uh
credit is priced pretty close to
perfection. Not much scope for error.
>> Here's the latest. Meta defying AI
spending gloom with a record-breaking
bond sale. The social media giant
selling $30 billion of bonds while
drawing record interest for the debt. I
think that there were offers of
something north of a hundred billion.
Winnie Caesar of credit sites writing
this. The acceleration in debt financed
capex on AI related initiatives is
weighing on free cash flow and credit
metrics. Meta could turn free cash flow
negative next year as capex reaches 50%
of sales. Winnie joins us now. Winnie,
great to see you. Thank you so much for
being here. How much are you getting
concerned about the amount of debt
issuance tied to some of these big tech
companies?
>> Hey, good morning Lisa. So we are
definitely seeing a shift away from cash
flow financed investment, equity
financed investment back into
intentional releveraging and some debt
financed investment which is very
typical of that middle stage of the
credit cycle where you start to see more
M&A, more financial engineering, a bump
up in capbacks and spending and that
does come with some additional concerns
around where valuations are and are they
appropriately reflecting the potential
potential return on that investment
>> at this point. Do you think that
investors just throw caution to the wind
as soon as they see the word artificial
intelligence in any kind of perspectus?
>> Well, I think it's a little bit of a a
more nuanced view than that. I think
that people realize that AI is going to
be a defining trend probably for the
next 5, 10, 20 years. There's definitely
sustainability and durability there, but
there are a lot of open questions as to
the magnitude of return on investment.
the timing of that and I think that
people are looking at things like
Metabond deals which is still a pretty
high quality issuer and thinking this
seems like a reasonable place to
continue to put cash to work especially
because that that new bond sale did come
with a pretty significant new issue
concession which is something that a lot
of investors have not been getting this
year in the primary market. So there's
that balance of are these valuations
compensating me for the potential risk
in a higher quality company. Now if this
were a single B or or triple C related
bond deal, I think that we'd have a very
different conversation.
>> Winnie, it's notable though that the
debt being raised isn't just in the
syndicate market. It's also private
credit that's been participating in this
too. Meta also doing this a JV with Blue
Owl and PIMCO that leans on Meta's
creditworthiness without actually
impacting Meta Credit because it's
offbalance sheet debt. Is that
concerning especially with offbalance
sheet debt and that being used as a way
to fund raise seems problematic in some
areas?
>> Yes, I think that offbalance sheet debt
is always a very appropriate Halloween
topic. it gets your your spooky senses
rising a little bit because there is a
historic track record of offbalance
sheet debt sometimes going a little bit
sideways. Now when it comes to the AI
investment spend there is just the
reality that so much capital is being
raised and need to be put to work and
such a wide variety of initiatives that
some sort of diversification of
financing does make some sense. Now that
being said, anytime we see offbalance
sheet, we're definitely taking a closer
look, trying to ensure that we
understand kind of the the stream of
cash flows and where the risks really
lie.
>> Well, for things like project finance in
in general, things happen, Winnie.
There's force majour. There are big
events that disrupt especially physical
plants. Are those types of risks fully
appreciated by this market?
>> Yeah, that's a great point. Project
finance can be a really challenging road
sometimes. And I think when we look back
at valuations and where they stand, the
reality is corporate credit spreads are
very very tight. Now that doesn't mean
that they necessarily have to widen, but
the balance of risks does seem to be
skewed much more to the widening rather
than incremental compression or
tightening from here on out. And that
does leave us a little bit more cautious
just in terms of the direction of travel
of spreads more broadly as we have this
mix of kind of broader macroeconomic
risk with what's going on in the
consumer complex and then also just
capital structure and balance sheet risk
with how things are being financed where
the capital is flowing and whether that
return on investment is going to be
realized in the relatively near term.
>> You have all of that and spreads are
barely moved. Winnie, what would it take
to significantly and sustainably widen
spreads at this point?
>> I that is the question that every client
is asking us and I think that it comes
down to some sort of acknowledgement
that the fundamental picture is perhaps
less healthy than what people are
currently anticipating. Earnings
expectations for 2026 are pretty lofty.
The most recent earnings have come in, I
would say, relatively well in aggregate,
though we have seen some signs of
pressure in some different sectors. Now,
what usually changes that technical
demand for fixed income is concerns
around downgrades, around defaults,
around the potential recession word. And
I do think that over the next 12 months,
there is that risk that some of these
lofty expectations start to be a little
bit disappointed. And that's where you
start to introduce some of the
conversations around what is the true
fundamental trajectory of corporate
credit. We've enjoyed a massive ratings
upgrade cycle. Is that going to start to
reverse and start to spook investors a
little bit?
>> I'm looking at a cuddly cockroach
costume from Halloween cost that looks
like it is definitely going to do the
trick. Winnie, without uh government
data, I'm just wondering from your
perspective, is there any sign
whatsoever that we do have that downturn
that could potentially call uh people's
bluff?
>> Yeah. So I think then when we look at
the composition of economic growth
recently, we do realize that so much of
the momentum in the broader economy and
also the market has been linked to AI
spending, to tax spending, to all of
those initiatives. When we think about
the current health of the consumer, it's
a little bit more of a mixed bag with
the banks saying, "Hey, we're not seeing
a lot of signs of pressure here on the
consumer." and then some of the consumer
products companies saying this is the
the worst consumer sentiment, the worst
consumer environment that we've seen in
a very very long time. Trying to
reconcile all of those things, I think
indicates to us that the job market is
going to be the lynch pin here. We've
already seen a pretty significant
downdraft in the pace of job ads. Of
course, we are flying a little bit blind
as it relates to official economic data,
but there are some substitutions there
that would generally point to not a
super encouraging labor market [music]
overall and we're very much focused on
those announcements.
>> Winnie Caesar of credit sites.
Unfortunately, we have to leave it
there. Definitely would be great to get
that labor market report next Friday.
Coming up next hour, Jim Karen of Morgan
Stanley of Vivic Arya of Bank of America
Securities, Ryan Wong of HSBC, and Emily
Roland of Manul Life. John Hancock
Investments [music] from New York on
this Halloween Friday. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
Earnings growth is driving S&P
performance, and you want to be where
the earnings growth is. It's hard for us
to kind of see a downside catalyst.
>> The downside risks here is AI is I
maintain it's a bubble. The market's
starting to get a little bit worried.
>> The market seems pretty happy to whistle
by that cemetery as they say and until
then markets are going to rally.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and Ann Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance Bubble. What bubble heading
to close a third straight weekly gain.
Big tech delivering big time. Amazon and
Apple shares rising ahead of the open as
spending plans and revenue continue to
deliver. Next week, it's Palanteer,
[music] Uber, and Qualcomm on deck.
Those earnings incredibly important
given the fact that government data
about the health of the economy really
has not materialized, probably will not
materialize. It still is, Danny, a
government shutdown leaving us in the
dark about the nonAI names out there.
But it almost feels that as long as
we're not getting the data, we [music]
can ignore the macro. That we can focus
in on the wonderful company earnings and
the AI spend that continues and just how
much that [music] is boosting companies.
But underneath the surface, you talked
about Torstston's note. There are some
signs of economic weakness in company
earnings. Be it Shake Shack or Chipotle.
There is some pullback in spending. Is
it just on the margin? Is it larger? All
of those questions at the moment [music]
getting masked over because the tech
players have done so well. And frankly,
the Fed's just bailing on the question
because there's so much disscent and a
[music] lack of some sort of consensus
among Fed governors, Fed members that
essentially they're in the dark and they
are reluctant to move too quickly.
[music] And this is the reason why
there's hard question around what the
reaction function is at a Federal
Reserve that's facing off with a blank
slate with respect to data at the same
time that you're getting this K-shaped
delivery from companies. [music] Some
reporting blockbuster earnings, others
talking about a consumer in distress.
Right. what we heard from Chair Powell.
Was it him just trying to digest [music]
really divergent views or was it a Fed
where the onus is to prove that you need
a cut, not that you need to prove that
you should pause? And Lisa, does it also
just show that this is a Fed that's
become [music] irrelevant right now?
>> Yeah. And especially given the fact that
there's going to be a compens
compensation shift early next year. In
the meantime, one thing that the big
tech players [music] delivered on was
the capex. When you take a look at just
how much the capex rose over the past
year, how much it [music] is expected to
rise next year, you just see an
incredible exponential escalation in the
spending. A question of who's going to
finance [music] that going forward. And
I think that that really is going to be
an increasing question heading into
2026. It's just amazing how easily this
bond market absorbs the amount of debt
coming from these companies. Debt to the
levels especially from tech that we have
never seen before. Does that mean it is
smooth sailing? That these companies are
really well-rated? [music] Or is it just
because there is so much money that
needs to be put to work? That some of
the issues maybe are being ignored
because that money has to go somewhere.
[music] There is real demand and that
supply is getting eaten up easily. Just
going to let you [music] know that if we
had been a little bit more uh forward
thinking, I would have come as a
cockroach today and you would have come
as pest control. I think that we picked
out the outfits that we would have
otherwise.
>> Absolutely. It's not too late, Lisa. We
could do it tonight. I'll show up to the
family thanks uh not Thanksgiving. That
would be weird for Thanksgiving
Halloween event [laughter] and we could
go trick-or-treating.
>> Yeah, I'll be in that cuddly cockroach
outfit. Right now, we're looking at
markets that are not seeing cockroaches.
They are up. They are up pretty much
across the board. You're looking at S&P
futures that are uh rising and
continuing to build on gains that we've
[music] seen. Uh now up 8/10en of a
percent. You're seeing just marginal
lift in bond yields and oil prices lower
[music] by 310 of a percent. $60.38
for New York crude. Coming up this hour,
Jim Karen of Morgan Stanley Investment
Management. The stock's eye another
month of gains. Vivic Arya of Bank of
America Securities as Nvidia is ramping
up its chip roll out with fresh deals.
And Ryan Wong of HSBC is the lack of
economic data is adding to the Fed's
December doubt. We begin this hour with
stocks rebounding following a rough day
on Wall Street. Jim Karen of Morgan
Stanley Investment Rage Management
writing, "We expect turbulence in Q4 as
we gain more clarity on what the initial
conditions will be for 2026." Jim joins
us now. Jim, we're always supposed to
see turbulence. Why have we not seen any
turbulence in the face of so much doubt
and yet frankly AI companies that just
keep on delivering?
>> Good morning and and happy Halloween.
Um, so look, I mean, the markets I I I
don't think the markets are experiencing
the turbulence for a lot of the things
that you were just discussing is that
the big leaders, the narrowness of this
rally that we've had, which is a large
cap tech, are printing really strong
numbers. Now, th those might be just a
handful of stocks. When we look at the
rest of the stocks in the S&P 500, there
there is there are some cracks and and
it is reflecting some of the weakness in
the broader economy. I know we haven't
gotten any of the data yet, but but but
we understand that things aren't
necessarily accelerating. What we have
to recognize is that the market is not
the economy and the economy is not the
market. So when you think more broadly
about the S&P 500, say the S&P 493 x the
MAG 7, what you're really looking at is
a broader picture also of the economy.
So therefore, if the economy is
moderating at some point, then you're
likely to see those broader equities
also somewhat moderate, but the
dominance of those MAG7 is so strong and
the earnings and the numbers that
they're printing are so monstrously
strong, it's carrying the rest of the
markets. So that's why we're not really
seeing the turbulence. It really just
depends where you look. If you look in
other broader sectors of the markets,
you might see some of that turbulence.
And that's really where we think some of
the opportunity is going into 2026.
>> Can you build on that? Where do you
think we're going to see some sort of
rebound given the fact that some people
are speculating you could see a growing
amount of this pain, given the fact that
prices are expected to continue to rise,
albeit not necessarily at the levels
that we saw in 2021 and 2022. And there
is this feeling that this weakness in
the lower income sphere is just
continuing to build.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, so we have to look at
the full picture here, right? So, so one
of these things goes back to the tax
package that, you know, one big
beautiful bill that got passed and and
effectively starting to think about the
consumer and what stimulus package
they're going to get next year in the
form of bigger tax deductions. That
number in terms of what the consumer,
what taxpayers are going to pay less is
somewhere on the order of 160 $170
billion. So that's money that's going to
be in the pocket of the consumer. As we
know, consumption 70% of GDP that can
keep consumption relatively robust even
though the the labor market picture,
which is weak right now, it's currently
weak right now, might start to improve
as we move into 2026. Most economist
forecasts into 2026 is that we will have
better economic growth versus 2025. So
if you have a growing economy likely in
2026 and you have enough slack in the
labor market at this point to keep wages
at a reasonable price, then the profit
margins and the and the earnings margins
for for many of these companies can stay
somewhat afloat. So we have to recognize
that whether it's accelerated
depreciation, all of the various things
that came out of the tax package, this
is going to be a tailwind as we move
into as we move into 2026. And Jim, I
know you and it's the old adage of many
people saying that the stock market is
not the economy. Is that kind of
changing though because nearly half of
all households own equities? It is a
record exposure from everyday people to
this equity market. Have we entered a
scenario where this time around the put
from take your pick from the Fed from
the president has gotten all the more
important just because of household
exposure to equities.
>> Yeah. So, so it's a good point, right?
So, so the way I think about this is
that conditions have become increasingly
fragile. As this market has moved up,
people's overall equity exposure has
also moved up too, meaning that their
wealth effect is tied to what's
happening in the markets. And like any
other time in markets, there there there
tend to be draw downs and corrections
and and things like that. And that can
have a more of an outsized impact on
consumer spending and consumer
psychology because as you point out that
that that there is an attachment to the
markets. But that being said, most
people I would hope um when they're
investing in the markets have a
diversified portfolio that if we do see
this correction that may happen in the
future at some point in the future, I
think it's likely to happen amongst the
the leaders currently right now. It's
really probably a large uh cap tech
correction. Maybe that comes. I'm not
forecasting that, but but maybe that
comes at some point. But if you have a
diversified portfolio, I think that
people's broader portfolios,
well-diversified portfolios, will hold
up better than what the actual headline
of of a of an equity draw down might
actually show. So, it it really gets
down to that. It's a hard question to
answer because I don't know how
everybody's positioned, but I would I
would expect that most people are pretty
well diversified. A lot of the
diversification though, Jim, this year
has come in the form of gold and we've
seen incredible volatility starting this
week out with a 3% decline. Is that a
concern? Is gold a good way to
diversify, especially at these levels
where some serious volatility is being
introduced?
>> Yeah, look, I mean, it is it's one of
these subjects here where the price has
gone up quite a bit. So, so anything
that you say against that is like, well,
you've been wrong in the markets and
what we don't have a position in gold in
in our portfolios. Um, do I think it's a
reasonable way to diversify? Sure. You
know, if you have a, you know, a longer
term view and a broader portfolio,
absolutely holding some gold is is
always going to be a good idea. But are
there other things that you could also
own too? Could you own highquality US
treasuries? Could you own highquality
investment grade bonds? earn some income
and at least get some positive carry
that should be able to preserve capital
and preserve income and and things like
that. So when I think about a a
portfolio for people who you know who
are broadly investing they generally
need some liquidity in that and they
also want to get some income. So that's
why we think about the you know the the
more of the the broader equity market
including large cap tech but then also
thinking about you know other items but
really at the margin um gold and I think
gold has become very speculative at this
point and I think people are chasing a
lot of those returns.
>> Yeah, we saw that certainly in the past
couple of weeks with their volatility
there. Jim Karen of Market Stanley
Investment Management always wonderful
to speak with you. Thank you so much for
taking the time. This upcoming week
should be jobs week. We should be
getting the labor market report on
Friday. We should be getting jolts. We
should be getting a host of different
information. Instead, we are not. We are
getting ISM manufacturing that should be
helpful uh with respect to what's going
on in the industrial space. Earnings
from Palanteer, earnings from Qualcomm,
earnings from uh of course we can also
get Uber on Tuesday. We get the
elections in New York. We get ADP
employment data, how people are looking
to all of these other peripheral uh
measures to take the place of the
official data. And then of course,
University of Michigan consumer
sentiment data. But it really is
interesting, Danny, that everyone is
talking about this bifurcation in the
economy, how the labor market holds the
keys to that. We should be getting the
October report on Friday next week, and
instead we're getting crickets. And part
of the issue right now is we're also
hearing about all these layoffs from
different companies. Be it Amazon, be it
UPS, it runs the gamut in the sectors
we're hearing from. It so far hasn't
shown up on the headline level, which
has been a headscratcher. Would it be
showing up now that that we don't have
an answer to? And Neil Richardson of ADP
uh yesterday was saying the reason why
it hasn't shown up is because smaller
employers are the ones that account for
the greatest amount of job creation. How
much can you get a read on those? That's
the reason why things like the Beige
Book have taken on import as well. Right
now what we're getting from companies is
a myriad picture. It's a bifurcated
picture. It's that K-shape and that is
the reason why it has been so incredibly
interesting. Let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning. Here is
your Bloomberg brief with Yahara Anna
Jihara.
>> Hi Lisa. President Trump is urging
Republican senators to scrap the
filibuster in order to bypass Democrats
and reopen the US [music] government.
The filibuster is a tactic used to delay
or block votes by keeping debates
[music] running. 60 votes are required
to overcome a filibuster. Republicans
currently have just [music] a 53 seat
majority. It's been 30 days since the
start of the government shutdown.
Meanwhile, Vice President JD Vance is
warning a prolonged US government
shutdown will impact travel during the
holiday season. and telling reporters it
could be a disaster if the shutdown
extends into the Thanksgiving travel
[music] season. The comments come after
Vance held a round table with the CEOs
of United and American Airlines.
And it's marathon weekend here in New
York City. The 54th edition of the
world's busiest run is expected to draw
more than 50,000 participants [music]
from around the world. Temperatures are
expected to be in the mid40s to low 50s
with [music] partly cloudy skies. The
race begins at 8:00 a.m. on Sunday
morning. That's Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank [music] you so much. Yahra, have
you ever run the marathon?
>> I have not and I never will.
>> Oh, yes. That's so That was pretty
definitive. I
>> I feel like you might have a big runner.
>> I admire people who run in the marathon.
I have the wherewithal to go 13 miles,
maybe 14. You start [music] getting into
the 20 21 that's just, you know, it's
just too much time to train. Like you
have to train like hours on the
weekends. I I [music] don't have the
time for that. I don't think my knees
have the time for that either. Up next,
the morning calls plus Vivic Arya of
Bank of America Securities as Nvidia is
ramping up its chip roll out with some
fresh deals. That's coming [music] up
next. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> This year AI became profitable. And when
something becomes profitable, you want
to manufacture more of it. Just like
when you're man manufacturing chips and
wafers and DRAM, if the manufacturing of
those chips were profitable, you want to
build more factories to create more
chips. Now [music] that the AI is
profitable, we want to create more
factories to generate more AI.
>> That was Nvidia CEO Jensen Hang speaking
[music] at the Apex CEO Summit earlier
today. And he was not wearing his
leather jacket. He was wearing a regular
suit, which is notable. Right now,
you're seeing stocks higher. You do have
to wait till November 19th [music] to
get uh information from Nvidia in the
form of their earnings. People are not
waiting though to pile into the tech
names after the earnings that we have
gotten [music] this week from Microsoft,
Alphabet, Amazon, Google, Meta. Right
now, you're seeing NASDAQ futures up
[music] 1.4% above that S&P return or
the S&P gain on futures of 9/10en of a
percent. Time now for the morning calls.
First [music] up, Piper Sandler raising
its price target on Amazon to $300,
saying Amazon seems on the cusp of an AI
[music] product cycle. Those shares, as
we talked about earlier, up almost 13%
in pre-market trading. Next up, JP
Morgan raising its price target on Apple
to $35, seeing its product cycle
momentum sustaining as that Apple iPhone
17 [music] really does seem to generate
a lot of demand. And finally, New Street
raising its price target on Nvidia to
$37, expecting the company to exceed its
base case for AI deployments in 2026.
[music]
Sticking with Invidia, Nvidia CEO Jensen
Huang is still hoping to sell the
company's Blackwell chips to China as it
continues to forge new AI deals
elsewhere. Vivic Arya of Bank of America
Securities, maintaining a buy rating on
Nvidia and upgrading his price target to
$275. [music]
Vivic joins us now. Vivic, thank you so
much for being with us. What do you
think is the most important takeaway
from the Asia tour that we have seen
with Jensen Hang and his push to try to
sell more into China?
Sure. Uh good morning. So a few days ago
we had a chance to attend uh their uh
GTC conference in uh Washington DC. Um
so I think there were three important
points that uh came out. First is that
AI is absolutely uh an ongoing
industrial revolution. It's very
important for the government to
stimulate uh and nurture it. It's the
next productivity uh tool and it is not
just the government here in the US. I
think we see this as a global phenomena.
You mentioned he was in Korea, he was in
China earlier. So every uh government in
the world I think understands that this
is a very important tool to nurture. Uh
second is that Nvidia's full stack
approach is uh seeing applications in a
lot of end markets. You know this is
this is not just some chips that are
deployed in a data center somewhere.
They're having real world uh
applications and implications in markets
such as industrial such as healthcare
such as cyber security even emerging
markets such as uh quantum and such as
uh robotics. And then finally the
company's visibility extends out uh till
the end of next year at least half a
trillion dollars of orders for its new
Blackwell and uh upcoming uh Vera Rubin
platform and I think what you're seeing
with the CEO's uh travels and
engagements is to make sure that the
supply chain is ready. You know Korea is
an important source of uh memory chips
and some foundry capability. Um you know
it's one thing to say that you have
orders for half a trillion dollars but
the supply chain has to be there uh to
adopt it. And then finally, when it
comes to China, we have it at zero in
our model. I think it's just too hard to
predict where the geopolitical nature of
these engagements is is going to go.
It's an important market. We think it's
about 10% of the overall uh market. Uh
but uh I think Nvidia can do just fine
without without engaging with China in
the near term. Viv, we can get into the
supply chain uh secure securization that
they're working on as well as this
discussion around how much they are
connected to the geopolitics of the
moment. But I am curious about why
Nvidia is not threatened by any of the
other chip makers that seem to be really
pushing to try to get in on the game.
And we've seen AMD do well. We've seen
Qualcomm do well. We've seen the shares
of a number of these companies surge.
And yet it hasn't dented Nvidia's lead.
Why?
>> Sure. You know the very simple uh visual
I can give you uh it's uh the
competitors are essentially creating a
sitcom at a time whereas Nvidia is like
the Netflix of the market you know that
they have developed a full stack
approach uh their cuda software um you
know uh came into place in 2007 so I
think they're in the 14th generation of
that uh they will soon start their third
generation of implementing racks so what
you get from the company is uh
essentially a lot of uh integration of
their hardware and software. There are
over 5 million developers who can work
with their platform. It's available in
every public cloud. Whereas a number of
their competitors are still developing
their first rack scale architecture and
the software is still in infancy. You
know some of the custom chip um
suppliers that you mentioned have no
software. The customer has to develop
that and in other cases the merchant
suppliers you know have a decent
hardware platform but they have never
actually implemented rack scale. So I
think it it's important to you know put
them on a level uh playing field and
from that perspective in various several
years ahead of that
>> VC it feels like the rules of the road
when it comes to China we we still don't
know even in things that were supposedly
agreed upon the H20 a glaring example of
this agreement reached with the white
house where the US would get 15% of the
revenue. They've yet to establish a
legal framework for it. How do you think
it ultimately shakes out?
Yeah, I think uh look, China is an
important market uh for uh two important
reasons. One is that uh their software
community is extremely innovative. Um
you know, unlike a lot of the west which
is um you know, in many cases going
after artificial general intelligence,
you know, going after the biggest
models, the most comprehensive models,
you know, there's a big part of the
Chinese uh software ecosystem that is
going after a lot more practical
applications. And I think in in some
ways not having resources has become
part of uh the innovation uh cycle for
them. So it's very important to engage
with China. But having said that if you
look uh at uh the spending by their top
hyperscalers, it is still less than 10%
of overall uh spend. So it's important
to engage with China. It's important to
stay um you know competitive. uh but uh
you know Nvidia we think can grow their
top line over 50% next year uh without
having much contribution from um you
know from China. I think on the
geopolitical side uh you know I think
the US wants to make sure that uh you
know that there is uh some scrutiny
there is some limitation on what
technology is exported. The H20 is a
product that is you know at this point
basically 3 years old. Um and um I think
what China is probably interested in is
the blackwell variant of what Nvidia can
supply but it's hard to know whether
that specific new variant uh will be
approved by the US government. So that's
why we are assuming no contribution from
uh China data center in our model. VC
you mentioned the hyperscalers of which
we got the earnings this week spending
of 72 billion for the year for Meta
Alphabet it's 93 Amazon it's 125 billion
as long as the hyperscalers are putting
up those kinds of numbers do you remain
bullish on Nvidia
>> yeah I think that that that's absolutely
the right point that it is really
capital spending u by these uh top
customers and um what I would also
mention is that in each of those
earnings reports you heard them say that
they are starved of capacity
right? That it is not demand, it is
capacity, it's supply constraints.
Otherwise, they could have grown even uh
faster. And you saw most of them exceed
uh expectations for their uh cloud
computing uh revenues. That's why we
think this thing is a lot more real than
sometimes people uh give it uh credit
for. Um and as Nvidia comes out with the
new generation of their platform, it
provides a lot more computing power per
unit space per unit power. uh and uh
that I think is the real constraint. How
fast can data centers be built out? How
fast can power and water be available to
them? And that's when I think the
governments um right the US government
can be extremely helpful in uh approving
these uh data centers providing them
with power. But I think as as power
becomes available, you will see a lot
more uh AI uh deployment. And then
finally, I didn't want to mention that
Nvidia the stock itself. Um, if you're
right about the visibility they they
they shared with us at GTC, it's
essentially trading at a market multiple
for a company that is able to grow five
times as fast as the market and grow
earnings seven times as fast as the
market and it's basically trading at a
market multiple. So, we do think that
the stock still remains very compelling.
Vic Arya of Bank of America Securities
with the best analogy all day, the idea
of uh Netflix, the Netflix of the world
being Nvidia and the others just simply
being sitcoms. Thank you so much for
that. I will just say uh heading into
the open, we did get Exxon and Chevron
earnings and we're getting some
headlines from the Exxon call. This is
pretty interesting. Exxon seeing
California chasing flawed ideology like
[music] Europe. California causing
forced speech by companies. A real push
back there. Wow. and a real willingness
to [music] express political opinions,
but clearly not against this
administration on on the other side.
>> Really interesting. Anyway, we will uh
follow that throughout the day, I'm
sure. Coming up, Ryan Wang of HSBC is a
lack of economic data is adding to the
Fed's December doubt. [music] This is
Bloomberg Surveillance.
[music]
Getting a lift to end the week. We are
seeing futures across the board higher
with about an hour to the open led by
that magnificent seven [music] cohort
that did deliver earnings that beat
expectations and continued to uh
indicate incredible capital expenditure
spending [music] over the next 12
months. We're seeing NASDAQ futures up 1
and a.5% [music] S&P up 9/10en of a
percent. Bond markets are getting a
little bit softer here as people try to
imagine what it looks like if the Fed
doesn't cut in December. 10-year yields,
although now just basically flat [music]
here around 4.1%.
Turning to the Fed, Kansas City
President Jeffrey Schmidt giving his
reason for the reason why he dissented
in favor of no rate cuts at the October
Fed meeting. [music] Bloomberg's Michael
McKe joins us now with some more
insight. Mike, what's his rationale?
Well, Jeff Schmidt is putting out his
reasoning behind the his descent, which
was kind of unusual to not cut during
the month of October meeting, the Fed's
blackout period ending last night. And
Schmidt is saying basically he disagrees
with the way the Fed is looking at the
balance of risks. He says in his
statement, "I do not think a 25 basis
point reduction in the policy rate will
do much to address stresses in the labor
market that more likely than not arise
from structural changes in technology
and demographics. However, a cut could
have longerlasting effects on inflation
if the Fed's commitment to its 2%
inflation objective comes into question.
And while J Pal dodged my question about
market valuation, Schmidt takes a bit of
a sideways swipe at it today, adding in
his statement that financial market
conditions appear to be easy across many
metrics. Equity markets are near record
highs, corporate bond spreads are very
narrow, and high yield bond issuance is
high. None of this suggests that
financial conditions are particularly
tight, or that the stance of policy is
restrictive. So, you could probably put
Schmidt down for objecting to a December
cut as well. And I point out that uh as
I mentioned, the blackout period is
over. Lori Logan speaks at 9:30 this
morning. And we have Beth Hammock and
Raphael Bastik speaking at noon today.
So, uh this is the chance to get on the
record if you are one of the people who
disagrees with the way the Fed is going.
>> And Mike, we have heard from Beth
Hammock before that she does seem more
concerned about inflation than other
members on the Federal Reserve. Do you
get the sense that anyone else on the
Fed agrees with Jeff Schmidt and does
think that the balance of risk signals
they need to be more aware of inflation
than perhaps structural labor market
issues?
>> Well, there were people on the open
market committee who did suggest that
they thought that going much further
with cutting rates would be a mistake.
Alberto Mus of uh St. Lewis uh and uh
the folks from the um Minneapolis and
Dallas Feds both had suggested that that
might be the case. So, it'll be
interesting to hear from Lori Logan this
morning. Um and uh we don't have uh Neil
Qashqari on the calendar yet, but we'll
see if he comes out with something. Uh
we know that Msalam is going to speak
next week.
>> Thank you so much, Michael McKe. Uh
great insights, especially given the
fact that we've been talking about how
in general the Fed doesn't care about
markets unless they're going down. It
does seem like Jeff Schmidt cares about
markets that are flying pretty high and
we are seeing plenty of deals getting
done.
>> Yeah, one of the few to talk about
financial conditions is Jeff Smid. There
is a scenario which we were talking
about with Jim Karen where households
own a record amount of equities. So
there does seem to be an ever more
interlin connection between what the Fed
is doing, what stocks are doing, and how
good households feel, particularly the
upright of households that have a
greater proportion of assets in markets.
Turning to the economy, the lack of data
make earnings reports from consumer
brands all the more important. Chipotle
shares sliding as much as 22% on
Thursday, the largest intraday drop
since 2012 after the restaurant chain
lowered its fullear outlook. Bloomberg's
Michael Halen joins us now. Michael,
thanks so much for being with us. I'm
just curious whether Chipotle is an
anomaly, it's a question of how much
chicken and beef they put in their
burritos, or whether this really is what
you're seeing across the sphere when it
comes to consumer discretion and dining
out.
>> You know, look, the the low-inccome
consumer continues to be pressured. You
know, October
um you know, seems to have slowed a bit,
you know, uh especially around the DC
area due to the government slowdown,
right? Um, but the companies that that
we cover that have reported so far, uh,
Chipotle's been the weakest, right? So,
uh, yesterday Shake Shack put up a 5%
comp. Uh, Domino's put up a strong comp,
Burger King put up a 3% comp in the US,
right? So, a lot of this is
self-inflicted on Chipotle's fault. You
know, in the restaurant business, what
we're seeing is is the gap between
winners and loser losers widen. People
are more discerning. So when they do go
out, they want to make sure they have a
great experience. And Chipotle's numbers
would indicate customers are not having
a good experience.
>> So Michael, more broadly, is it fair to
say that you're not seeing this
weakness? You're not seeing the same
kind of push back that we heard in the
commentary that spooked a lot of people,
at least in markets.
>> You know, the restaurant data we get
that sales are better than they were
last year, which they're not they're
not, you know, they're up a percentish
this year, a little more. Um, so they're
they're not crushing it. Traffic's down.
They're taking a little bit of price and
that and that's that's boosting sales.
So they're not knocking the cover off
the ball. Low-income consumers, like I
said, continue to struggle. U but this
is not the end of the world in the
restaurant space by any means.
>> Michael Halen of Blueber Intelligence,
thank you as always. Maybe they just
need to make the scoop a little bit
bigger. Uh Ryan Wang of HSBC joins us
now and he's going as an economist with
no data for Halloween, which we all find
very scary. I'm just curious uh how much
you're digging into some of these
earnings reports to uh edify your
analysis in a data vacuum.
>> Well, that's definitely part of the
picture. We have to listen to what the
companies are saying. Of course, the
Federal Reserve also does still have its
beigebook reports. So, those are the
anecdotal comments that can come from
businesses of all sizes, big and small.
That's even more important in the
current environment because yeah, we're
getting a few private sector economic
releases, but obviously we are not
getting the traditional releases. in
this week is is is no exception. We
should have gotten the third quarter GDP
number yesterday. We should have gotten
the PCE inflation this morning, but it's
a data vacuum.
>> One of the things that is notable uh
which our Bloomberg intelligence was
just talking about was for Chipotle and
Shake Shack, it's the it's the exposure
to the younger customer base which saw a
4.4% unemployment level in August for
those aged 25 to 29. Is that a problem
that expands more broadly into the
economy? Is that age group a canary in
the coal mine when it comes to
joblessness expanding?
>> Well, I think it what we've really seen
is a small increase in overall
employment over the past year. And you
know, the the national unemployment rate
or at least the latest one that we have
of 4.3%. It's still relatively low. And
then when you break it down into those
age cohorts, I think it does fit with
this idea that okay, hiring rates are
somewhat slow and so the lack of hiring
disproportionately impacts that age
cohort. So I think in a way the signals
do make sense but also it's important to
note again the unemployment rate overall
is fairly low. That's partly because of
the impact of reduced labor supply. A
huge theme that we heard from the Fed
chair pal this week and and and
consistently that is raising the
question of what is a break even level
of job creation which is you know by all
accounts is much lower than it was in
the past. Well, Powell this week also
said that there was a strong case to p
pause if the alternative data in light
of not getting official releases remain
solid. Is the alternative data enough to
get a clear enough picture to base a
Federal Reserve rate decision around?
>> I think it just makes things a little
bit more confusing. There are some
pieces of data. So, Chair Pal this week
did mention the state unemployment
insurance claims data and Bloomberg
amongst others is doing a great job of
adding those numbers together. So in a
sense we still can say that there hasn't
been a sharp acceleration in firing over
recent weeks right so it just takes a
little bit more interpretation next week
we will get a private sector release on
employment growth from ADP and going
into this government shutdown it
appeared that employment growth had
slowed to around 50,000 per month so
we'll be looking for at those numbers
next week to see is there an
acceleration from that rate are we still
staying around that 50,000 but again
it's against it's against this context
of much slower lower population growth
this year, much slower immigration, and
so we have to take that into account
when we evaluate these numbers.
>> Has the Fed rendered itself irrelevant
right now? And I say this because
ultimately it seems like the market, and
I say collectively, and perhaps the
consolidation at the top and the lack of
diversification names is a feature, not
a bug when it comes to the returns, seem
to be climbing regardless of a Fed rate
cut in December. So, does a Fed rate
decision matter at all right now to
markets that are flying on some other
indicators?
>> Well, it also goes back to this question
of what is a neutral policy rate, right?
So, what is holding back? What is a rate
that doesn't hold back the economy? It
doesn't hold back markets. And I think
it's all rolled into together, right? We
have to look at equity markets, but also
the rates markets. And at the end of the
day, the Fed only has one instrument.
So, it's hard to find a single number
that's going to balance all of these
different elements. uh this came up also
in the press conference where you know
chairpal basically said look all of the
investments all the AI investments that
are happening right now they're not
particularly interest rate sensitive
investments right so of course the
policy rate doesn't really have a big
impact on that structural trend
>> at this point though can't you just say
that the economy is doing fine with
interest rates where they are and this
overlay of capex spending has just
turbocharged certain points of it but
wouldn't that suggest that we're closer
to neutral to sort of to Jeff Schmidt's
point.
>> Well, yeah. I mean, there there
certainly is a case for that and and our
own view is is is actually that at least
in the near term, the current policy
rate, which is now below 4%, may
actually be relatively close to neutral.
And we know there's a spectrum of views.
We know that chair pal considers the
policy rate only modestly restrictive.
So, that means less restrictive than
other peers on the uh FOMC who who think
it's moderately restrictive. That makes
a big difference because it's it's
what's going to determine how many rate
cuts going ahead. The speed and our own
forecast actually is that we will get a
December rate cut, but nothing in 2026
or 2027,
>> which flies in the face of the potential
composition shift and what they can do
based on uh the economic activity who is
going to lead the Fed. Ryan Wang of
HSBC, thank you so much for being with
us. Have a wonderful weekend. Danny,
that to me is really the key question,
right? Is this going to have is this
going to be a Fed with a very different
reaction function next year that might
not look at the data in the same kind of
way that the current Fed chair Jay
Powell Fed does? And is it a Fed that
allows inflation to stay around 3%. Do
they look the other way? Do they
unofficially adopt more of a band
approach than specifically targeting 2%.
And what does that mean for economic
acceleration? You and John have talked a
lot about this. Are they going to be
cutting into an acceleration, especially
with the capex coming from the tech
giants?
>> And this has been a pretty dovish Fed. I
mean, we've had uh inflation above 3%
for 5 years now. Right now, let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's [music] your Bloomberg
brief with Yahihara and Tihara.
>> Hi, Lisa. US oil major Chevron and Exxon
out this morning with earnings. Exxon
posted an earnings beat. [music] The
company is pressing ahead with a raft of
expansion projects despite slumping oil
prices. Meanwhile, Chevron beat earnings
estimates by a wider degree as profits
from the Hess acquisition were included
in [music] the results for the first
time and provided a boost. Chevron's
global production rose 21% [music] to
the equivalent of 4.1 million barrels a
day. Meanwhile, according to the Wall
Street Journal, JP Morgan is running a
group investing about $90 million in the
Texas Stock Exchange. The TXSE group is
expected to launch the Texas Stock
[music] Exchange next year. The Journal
reporting the JP Morgan investment
brings total fundraising above $250
[music] million.
And in sports, Lamar Jackson returned
from injury to lead the Baltimore Ravens
to a decisive [music] 28-6 victory over
the Miami Dolphins on Thursday Night
Football. The two-time MVP threw four
touchdown passes as the Ravens defense
[music] forced three turnovers and held
Miami to just six points on the two
field go on two field goals. Baltimore
rises to 3 [music] and5 and Miami falls
to 2-7 on the season. That's your room
brief, Lisa.
>> Thank you so much, Yah, and have a
wonderful weekend. Up next, Emily Roland
of Manu Life, John Hancock Investments
as AI demand continues to fuel the
[music] market rally. Plus, Yahara back
with your morning movers. Getty Images
surging on a new licensing [music] deal.
This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
[music]
>> When it comes to big tech, I mean a
trillion dollars in the balance sheet
[music] generated 3 to400 billion a
year. So that's why the reality is they
are fueling this AI revolution.
investors continue to underestimate
[music] the scale and scope and that's
the fuel in the engine. That's what's
fueling all this in terms of the capex
[music] cycle. You need to own the
winners. You can't just own an AI play
because they have great power points.
>> That was Dan Ives of Wed Bush. [music]
Still bullish definitely though trying
to pick the wheat from the shaft trying
to figure out which a AI plays are the
right ones which aren't. Right now
you're seeing everything being the right
play in markets. [music]
Equity futures up higher across the
board. 7/10en of a percent gain on the
S&P, more than a 1 and a.5% gain when
you take a look at the NASDAQ. You are
seeing a bit of a bid into bonds as the
session grows older and a bit into uh
oil as well. Meanwhile, under an hour
away from the cash open, here are your
morning movers with the Antihira. Hi,
Lisa. We have to repeat Amazon because
it is our big mover of this morning. If
[music] this rise of 13% holds, it is
set to add $300 billion to its market
[music] cap at the open. The company's
profit engine, AWS, was the star. It saw
revenue jump 20% year-over-year, its
fastest growth since [music] 2022.
And moving on to our next stock, which
is Getty Images. That is a small stock,
but it is soaring 76% [music]
after the company struck a multi-year
licensing deal with AI darling
Perplexity. Basically allowing
Perplexity to use Getty's photos [music]
across its AI tools. It's a big shift
for Getty, which at one point saw AI as
a threat. But if you can't beat them,
join [music] them, right? And we end on
Roku. That stock is falling nearly 4% in
the pre-market [music] despite the video
streaming company posting strong results
due to ad growth. Analysts say the
results were good, but not gang busters,
which is a problem for a stock that has
run [music] up 35% year to date. Tisa,
>> thank you so much, Yara. Great work as
always. [music] Counting down to the
opening bell. Here's a trading diary
heading into next week. Today, as Mike
was saying, we do get Fed [music] speak
from Logan and Hammock. Watch for
further descents to the potential for a
December rate cut. Monday, manufacturing
PMI and ISM data, plus earnings from
Palanteer. Tuesday, elections in New
York City, New Jersey, and Virginia,
plus AMD coming out with earnings. Uh,
Wednesday, ADP employment data, new
import given the fact we're not getting
official payrolls data at the end of the
week. Earnings from Qualcomm. Thursday,
a Bank of England rate decision. Friday,
we get the University of Michigan
consumer sentiment, which may also be uh
more important to some people based on
[music] the fact of just simply an
absence of anything else. Turning back
to markets, S&P 500 is set for another
month of gains fueled by tech optimism.
Emily Roland of Manulife, John Hancock
Investments, writing, [music] "Almost
everything right now across global
markets is a derivative of AI. We are
following the earnings growth in our
overweight, highquality tech, comm
services, utilities, industrial
sectors." Emily joins us now. And Emily,
I think that that's perfectly put. The
idea that even Caterpillar is an AI
trade at this point. How much does that
give you confidence versus make you
concerned?
>> Well, it's both, Lisa. We have this
lovehate relationship with US meggaap
tech stocks right now. We love them
because the earnings are there. The
earnings engine in the United States is
on. The challenge of course is that
they're overloved. they're
overconentrated
and the valuations are are getting uh
pretty egregious here in our view. So,
you know, we like a combination of
sectors here that are benefiting from
AI. Obviously, tech is experiencing the
demand. Comm services are big users of
AI. We've got industrials really
developing the infrastructure here
around data centers and of course
utilities really providing the power.
So, there's a lot of different ways to
play this. Um, but we do want to be
mindful of the concentration risk that's
inherent in markets today.
>> So, if you're not overweight, some of
these AI names at the moment, Emily, is
it is it too late to join the rally? Are
the valuations such that you don't want
to be selling, but you can't be buying
more?
>> Well, no. I mean, we you know,
valuations can stay extended for some
time and in our view, they're not
necessarily a catalyst for a market
correction. It's just a really tough
starting point. So, what we want to do
is find the higher quality parts of the
market. We look at things like PEG
ratio, so how much you're paying for
future earnings growth. We want to focus
on sectors that have great return on
equity, great balance sheets, lots of
cash, good free cash flow. What we're
not chasing right now are the sort of
momentum and technical darlings, the
retail favorites, the unprofitable tech
companies, the meme stocks that are now
back in the headlines. It's really about
finding that intersection between high
quality and not overpaying for that
earnings growth and then diversifying
with some midcaps that are going to give
you some differentiated exposure to
things like industrials and midcap banks
that are benefiting from M&A activity.
Bank of America though pointed out
underneath the surface despite a calm on
top that individual stocks have lost or
gained more than a hundred billion
dollars in ma market value
119 times [clears throat] or 119
instances with that level of swing
happening and that is the highest annual
total on record. They noted that it was
a fragility event a sign of fragility.
Emily is there some real fragility
underneath the surface?
Yeah, Danny. I mean, the concentration
risk is a huge issue right now. You wake
up every morning, the top 10 stocks in
the S&P 500 are are a greater portion uh
of the of the index. Um, right now we're
at 41%. It it's a big challenge and
there is some weakness under the
surface. You look at small caps, for
example, 40% of the Russell 2000 index
is comprised of companies that don't
make money. Um, so we want to be mindful
of of the risks in some of those areas.
We want to be mindful of the
concentration risk looking overseas. Um
in particular, we're looking at
international growth stocks which have
some earnings catchup potential. Uh
China for example on the tech side is
another area that we're emphasizing in
portfolios. So a diversified uh
approach. There's some uh broadening in
international markets uh that that we we
like to see that's healthy. Uh so you've
got to be mindful certainly of some of
that risk in the United States. When you
talk about diversification, Emily, how
much is it diversification away from the
AI trade versus diversification from
stocks to bonds to commodities?
>> Well, I can always count on you, Lisa,
to bring us to the fixed income
discussion, which I'm which I'm happy to
do. And we still think that there is a
lot of value in the income that's
available in bonds right now. We've seen
a notable backup in bond yields, back,
of course, above 4% on the 10-year
Treasury yield. And and while stocks are
priced for perfection and frankly a far
from perfect world, we still think bonds
are mispriced here, they offer a lot of
value on this at these levels, bond
investors just aren't sniffing out the
disinflation that we see coming
particularly from the housing market as
well as the cracks that we're seeing in
the labor market. So of course this week
Pal was a bit hawkish not committing to
that December cut. We saw rates go up.
We think this is an attractive entry
point to lock in that elevated income
and build a return stream here that
could last for years.
>> You're talking about treasuries in
particular when you talk about the sort
of gold standard, the benchmark uh fixed
income instrument. I wonder what you
think about gaining exposure to AI
related names that do have investment
grade credit ratings but at the same
time are selling the likes of $30
billion of debt or even more and you're
seeing just the glut of that coming into
the market. Are you a buyer? Would you
rather have exposure to the fixed income
side of the tech story than the equity
one?
>> Yeah, we like anything that has the word
income in it, Lisa, right now. And we
think that can be a more important
driver than capital appreciation into
2026. And uh investment grade corporate
bonds, single A yielding around 4.5%
right now. We think that that's a really
fantastic time to lean into that income.
It is higher quality. Investment grade
to us is like the new high yield. You
don't even need to go down in the credit
spectrum anymore to generate elevated
yield. Investment grade corporate bonds
right now are still trading at about 95
cents on the dollar. They're typically
trading above par. So, we're always
looking for bargains in the market.
Bonds are still digging out of the worst
bare market in modern history right now
and they offer value. So, we would be
slightly overweight fixed income here
and letting bonds do more heavy lifting
in portfolios into next year. Emily
Roland of Manual Life, Sean Hancock
Investments. Thank you so much. Have a
wonderful weekend. Uh Danny, you are
going to sprint over to the other set
and carry us forward because you want to
spend more time on air. And I am just
curious, what do you what do you have in
store for us? I think a lot of it is
going to be about this big tech rally
that continues to be underway. The
market open, the enthusiasm over Amazon,
just how much that fuels this market
higher despite the fact of all the event
risk littered throughout the week. Be it
the Fed, be it China, the concentration
for this market is the AI spend. What's
fascinating to me is that the event risk
has been to the upside. And that is what
we continue to see that people have all
of these concerns. They're worried about
cockroaches. They dress like them for
Halloween, but they aren't necessarily
seeing it borne out in the numbers. Is
capex spending now viewed as a positive
and a sign of just how much demand keeps
stripping supply. And I'm really
excited. We're going to have the CEO of
Blue Owl on who just did a deal with
Meta and gave them more debt. Allowed
them to do offbalance sheet financing
for one of their data centers. So for
him, he's all bowled up. I cannot wait
to watch that. It is going to be a
really interesting trade. Something that
a lot of private investment firms
[music] have been trying to get in on.
Coming up on Monday, we have Steve
Shiverone of Federated Army's, Amanda
Linham of Black Rockck, White Mike
Wilson of Morgan Stanley, and Bob
Michael of [music] JP Morgan as we do
face off with a data desert that should
have been the jobs a week. This was
Bloomberg Surveillance.